<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF AGM, 8th March 2016" -->
<!--#include virtual="../../inc/header.html" -->

<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

<p>The AGM was held on Tuesday 8th March 2016, between 6:30 and 7:30pm.</p>

<ul>
  <li>Souradip Mookerjee (Chair, Sysadmin, <code>sm2030</code>)</li>
  <li>Dexter Chua (Secretary, Sysadmin, <code>dec41</code>)</li>
  <li>Lev Livnev (Treasurer, Sysadmin, <code>ll461</code>)</li>
  <li>Tejas Guruswamy (Publicity Officer, Sysadmin, <code>tg307</code>)</li>
  <li>Charles Board (Committee, <code>cvrb2</code>)</li>
  <li>Malcolm Scott (Sysadmin, <code>mas90</code>)</li>
  <li>Daniel Thomas (Sysadmin, <code>drt24</code>)</li>
  <li>Ping Liang Tan (<code>plt28</code>)</li>
</ul>

<h2>Chair's report (delivered by Souradip)</h2>

<ul>
  <li>We had a successful Garden Party at the end of the previous year, and we thank OpenMarket for sponsoring us.</li>
  <li>During Fresher's fair, we focused on recruiting new sysadmins, and we managed to recruit several interested sysadmins, two of which are currently actually sysadmins.</li>
  <li>Subsequently, we organized two hackdays in Michaelmas term with some of the new sysadmins attending. We have made good progress on the control panel, and we are mostly just lacking some testing. However, we think we need to organize more hackdays. We should have at least one a term, and ideally one every month.</li>
  <li>Our new policy for keeping user accounts has been quite successful, as we have not (yet) received any complaints from the UIS.</li>
  <li>In the future, we are looking to organizing a machine room tour, as well as making some stash for the srcf.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Treasurer's Report (delivered by Lev)</h2>

<p>A link to the full text of the report is available <a href="treasurer_report">here</a>. In addition, <a href="AGM_accounts">a summary of the SRCF's accounts</a> was circulated.</p>

<h2>Sysadmin's Report (delivered by Malcolm)</h2>

<ul>
  <li>July last year, the SRCF was notified that CUSU and the SRCF would be moving out of the current premises within a few weeks. At the end of August, we moved to what used to be the GU server room, which is now the GU/CUSU/SRCF server room. It has been upgraded since then to not be simultaneously a store room.</li>
  <li>We would want to take the GU and CUS for their bits of help, especially Cormac O'Connell from GU who was very helpful in helping us move to what was his server room, and Bob Franklin from the UIS for his assitance in getting our internal network extended to the GU during the move so that we can move things incrementally. During the process, pip was only down for about half an hour. We would also like to thank Chris Share for helping to physically move the servers.</li>
  <li>The work to refurbish the building and improve the infrastructure like air cons has been ongoing before and after the room. This is mostly finished, with only some minor bugs to work out. So we have now a decent machine room that will last us for a few years until CUSU has to move again.</li>
  <li>We held two hackdays during Michaelmas, during which much progress was made in the control panel, as well as general bug fixing. We got two new sysadmins, and are looking for more sysadmins as well. Anyone interested should email the sysadmins.</li>
  <li>We will continue looking at the possibility of a machine room tour of the University Data Center. The UIS currently has several machine rooms, and we should be able to get a tour of at least one.</li>
  <li>The sysadmins are willing to run a linux evening, as many people were interested in learning about linux during the freshers fair. The next committee might want to consider this further.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Elections</h2>

<p>Malcolm and Daniel were appointed tellers.</p>

<h3>Co-option of Charles Board to the committee (last year)</h3>

<ul>
  <li>Last year, Charles was co-opted onto the committee, and was granted the ability to choose his own title by the end of his term.</li>
  <li>Charles chose his title to be the Chancellor</li>
  <li>The choice of name was passed unanimously (7)</li>
</ul>

<h3>Chair</h3>

<ul>
<li>Charles Board stands (proposed: Malcolm, seconded: Souradip)</li>
<li>Elected unanimously (7)</li>
</ul>

<h3>Secretary</h3>

<ul>
<li>Souradip Mookerjee stands (proposer: Souradip, seconder: Tejas)</li>
<li>Elected unanimously (7)</li>
</ul>

<h3>Treasurer</h3>

<ul>
<li>Ping Liang Tan stands (proposed: Daniel, seconded: Charles)</li>
<li>Elected unanimously (7)</li>
</ul>

<h3>Publicity Officer</h3>

<ul>
<li>Dexter Chua stands (proposed: Malcolm, seconded: Souradip)</li>
<li>Elected unanimously (7)</li>
</ul>

<h2>Any other business</h2>

<ul>
<li>The AGM curry was a success.</li>
</ul>
