<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF AGM, 14th March 2017" -->
<!--#include virtual="../../inc/header.html" -->

<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

<p>The AGM was held on Tuesday 14th March 2017, between 7:30 and 8:30pm.</p>

<ul>
  <li>Charles Board (Chair, <code>cvrb2</code>)</li>
  <li>Souradip Mookerjee (Secretary, Sysadmin, <code>sm2030</code>)</li>
  <li>Ping Liang Tan (Treasurer, <code>plt28</code>)</li>
  <li>Dexter Chua (<code>dec41</code>)</li>
  <li>Malcolm Scott (Sysadmin, <code>mas90</code>)</li>
  <li>Balint Kovacs (<code>bk372</code>)</li>
  <li>Richard Allitt (Sysadmin, <code>rsa33</code>)</li>
  <li>Robert Calvert (<code>rac96</code>)</li>
  <li>William Earley (<code>wje25</code>)</li>
</ul>

<h2>Chair's report (delivered by Charles)</h2>

<ul>
  <li>"We vote to give this EGM the authority of an AGM and proceed as if it always had been. This expires at the end of the meeting today." - passed unanimously.</li>
  <li>Firstly, apologies for being slow in organising this AGM.</li>
  <li>This year is the 18<sup>th</sup> anniversary of the SRCF.</li>
  <li>In <b>Easter 2016</b> we had a successful garden party in the Fellow's Garden at Trinity Hall, and we thank OpenMarket for sponsoring us.</li>
  <li>The Fellow's Garden was quick to book and worked rather well, suggested for next year's committee.</li>
  <li><b>Michaelmas 2016</b>, had the fresher's fair stall with lots of signups and lots of interest</li>
  <li>Stuck with pen and paper approach, though a few people did comment on the low tech nature</li>
  <li>Was suggested that we might move to a system where people scan their CamCards if someone bothers to implement this</li>
  <li><b>Proposal:</b> Invest in newer publicity material</li>
  <li>Squash happened, many people showed up and snacks were provided.</li>
  <li><b>Lent 2017</b>, our main event was the 18<sup>th</sup> anniversary dinner, generously supported by Third Light Ltd. (who would be interested in people who are good at JavaScript/Go to contact them for summer internship opportunities)</li>
  <li>Membership stands at 3372 users, 9050 members and 1870 societies</li>
  <li>Growth in users probably partially due to no longer cancelling accounts automatically; but still appears to be a healthy number of users</li>
  <li>In terms of future, hardware from Third Light offered, need to investigate their decomissioned servers</li>
  <li>Still working on upgrade of Ubuntu to 16.04</li>
  <li>Stash: Tentative plans with Tejas, not arranged yet, to be arranged by new committee.</li>
  <li>Thanks to the outgoing committee, sysadmins and all of our members</li>
</ul>

<h2>Treasurer's Report (delivered by Ping)</h2>
<p>"Yes, we still have some money."</p>
<ul>
  <li>This year, without dinner invoice costs ot thirdlight support, net of £978.68 - £250 from openmarket sponsorship, £171.70 from paypal donations, rest of £760 from dinner</li>
  <li>£1000 cheque coming from Third Light, not banked yet, will be soon</li>
  <li>Costs: £262.10 to replace universal power supply</li>
  <li>Supportership coming from Third Light, need to be charged by college. Will still gain money overall.</li>
  <li>Also RetroSnub has donated some money</li>
</ul>

<!-- <p>A link to the full text of the report is available <a href="treasurer_report">here</a>. In addition, <a href="AGM_accounts">a summary of the SRCF's accounts</a> was circulated.</p> -->

<h2>Sysadmin's Report (delivered by Richard)</h2>

<ul>
  <li>Control panel - making good progress, working, basically ready, need to test more and rebuild when we move to sinkhole</li>
  <li>sinkhole - moving srcf to new web server that's not pip, going pretty well I suppose. Reason why it's taking so long, ubuntu 12.04 and 16.04, lots of changes to apache and mysql, a lot of which break compatibility with the 1000s of websites on srcf. Move to apache 2.4 likely to break much, move to mysql has already broken much</li>
  <li>Unavoidably disruptive, aiming to move over before 12.04 moves out of security support in April.</li>
  <li>Will ask societies to test their sites before we flip the switch</li>
  <li>Regular if not frequent hackdays, we need more sysadmins</li>
  <li>Vast majority of development work seem to happen during hackdays, need to organise more of them. At least 1/2 times a term</li>
</ul>

<h2>Constitutional amendments</h2>
<ul>
  <li><code>7. Delete "...each year..."</code></li>
  <li>Passed unanimously</li>

  <li><code>7. Add "The Senior Treasurer shall be a member of the Regent House or other person approved by the Junior Proctor of the University of Cambridge." after "...the Society's accounts."</code></li>
  <li>Passed unanimously</li>

  <li><code>8. Add "No amendment to this constitution intended to remove the position of Senior Treasurer, to alter its prerogatives and duties or to change the criteria and procedure for the appointment of a Senior Treasurer can be put to a vote without prior written agreement of the Junior Proctor of the University of Cambridge." at end.</code></li>
  <li>Passed with 8 for, 1 abstention</li>

</ul>

<h2>Elections</h2>

<p>Malcolm and Souradip were appointed tellers.</p>

<h3>Chair</h3>

<ul>
<li>Dexter Chua stands (proposed: Malcolm, seconded: Charles)</li>
<li>Elected unanimously (9)</li>
</ul>

<h3>Secretary</h3>

<ul>
<li>Souradip Mookerjee stands (proposer: Malcolm, seconder: Will)</li>
<li>Elected unanimously (9)</li>
</ul>

<h3>Junior Treasurer</h3>

<ul>
<li>Charles Board stands (proposed: Malcolm, seconded: Dexter)</li>
<li>Elected (8 for, 1 against)</li>
</ul>

<h3>Publicity Officer</h3>

<ul>
<li>William Earley stands (proposed: Charles, seconded: Souradip)</li>
<li>Elected unanimously (9)</li>
</ul>

<h3>Co-option of Richard</h3>

<ul>
  <li>Richard chose his title to be the Minister of Defence</li>
</ul>


<h2>Any other business</h2>

<ul>
<li>The AGM curry was suspended temporarily, to be resumed upon the next AGM.</li>
</ul>

<!--#include virtual="../../inc/footer.html" -->
