Minutes SRCF committee meeting held Sun Oct 3 1999

Venue: Matthew Vernon's room

Present:

      Matthew Vernon
      Peter Clay
      Sophie Tatham

In attendance:

      Peter Corbett
      Martin Keegan

Apologies:

      Jock Busuttil

Meeting declared quorate and constitutional.

1. Constitutional amendments

Point 9, to be copied verbatim from the template constitutions' clause on
the dissolution of the society.

Point 8 re: Senior Treasurer; the phrase about liability to be copied
from the template constitution.

Amendments proposed, seconded and passed on a show of hands (no
objections).

2. Motion: that the Committee be appointed as follows:

  Matthew Vernon: Chairman
  Peter Clay:     Secretary
  Sophie Tatham:  Treasurer
  Jock Busuttil:  Publicity

  Proposed by Matthew and seconded by Peter

The motion was passed with no objections.

3. Training

Martin raised the point that training had been one of the potential
goals of the society. It was agreed that, for the moment, the society
should focus on getting its core operation working; Matthew would bring
training back on the agenda when he thought appropriate.

[A short disturbance re: arrival of lasagne]

4. Julian Midgely's annoyance

Martin reported having mollified Julian Midgely by giving him accounts on
various Jesus machines to make up for losing root on kern.

5. Appointment of admins

The Committee appointed admins as follows:

  Matthew as "Debianmeister", and with official right to change root password.
  Peter to "do stuff"
  Hanna Wallach to administer users
  Jock as webadmin, without the root password

6. Policy regarding admins and root password

Matthew noted that, although he alone does official changes to the root
password, in the event of an "emergency" any admin can and should do
anything necessary to deal with the box being hacked, including
changing the root password; as a general principle, any admin can and
should fix anything "broken".

7. Naming scemes

Our first box should be called "kern" as requested
by Julian; Matthew suggested assigning names to other boxes from Beowulf.

8. Box space

In CUSU, a box called "heffalump" will be going into a space on the
ground floor that is currently occupied by societies fair stuff. We need to
hijack this for kern and possibly other boxes.

9. Societies fair

Peter to turn up, Matthew Corbett to bring penguin.

10. Joint squash with CUCS

It was agreed to have a joint squash with CUCS. 5:30-8:00pm, Trinity Junior
Parlor, Saturday.

11. AOB

Matthew to give talk on Linux to CUCS: Wed. 27 Oct, 8pm
