<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes SRCF committee meeting held Monday Apr 30 2001" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1>Minutes SRCF committee meeting held Monday April 30th 2001</h1>
<p>
Venue: Starbucks
</p>
<p>
Present:
</p>
<p>
      Matthew Garrett
      Robert Beattie
</p>
<p>
In attendance:
</p>
<p>
      Bob Dowling
</p>
<p>
The meeting opened at 15:47.
</p>
<p>
1. Matters arising
</p>
<p>
The minutes from the last meeting (Tue 20 February 2001) were read.
</p>
<p>
2. Donations
</p>
<p>
A Sparc 10 has been offered to us. Matthew to negotiate.
</p>
<p>
3. Backup Device
</p>
<p>
We no longer have sufficient backup capacity. This situation will become worse
with an influx of new members in October. It is difficult to swap backup tapes
without physical access to kern, although it is possible CUSU would be happy to
do this at the same time as their own. We want at least 15Gb capacity. An
OnStream DI-15 was mentioned, although concern was expressed at its alarmingly
cheap price tag. No final decision was taken.
</p>
<p>
We intend to have a funding drive to solicit donations from our members, and to
apply to the Societies Syndicate - Robert to coordinate.
</p>
<p>
4. CUSU
</p>
<p>
We are liasing with the CUSU Services Officer about a formal hosting agreement,
to secure kern's long-term future.
</p>
<p>
5. Member Recruitment
</p>
<p>
We need to apply for a stall at the Societies Fair, and submit an entry for the
CUSU Handbook. We will try to have a joint Squash with CUCPS and CUCS, as in
previous years.
</p>
<p>
6. Garden Party
</p>
<p>
To be held jointly with CUCS (President mandated to talk to himself), possibly
in Newnham Gardens.
</p>
<p>
7. AOB
</p>
<p>
Bank Account: We need to get the signatories changed.
</p>
<p>
Junior Proctor: to be sent a list of current officers - Bob to do.
</p>
<p>
The meeting closed at 16:11.
</p>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->