<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF Committee meeting held 22 January 2002" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1>Minutes of SRCF Committee meeting held Tuesday 22nd January 2002</h1>
<h2>Venue: Clowns</h2>
<p>
Present:	Matthew Garrett (Chairman)
</p>
	<blockquote>
		<blockquote>
		Robert Beattie	(Treasurer)
		Sian James	(Publicity Officer)
		</blockquote>
	</blockquote>
<p>
In Attendance:	Martin Keegan
</p>
	<blockquote>
		<blockquote>
		Phil Cowans
		</blockquote>
	</blockquote>

<p>
Ian Caulfield (Secretary) had apologised for his absence. Minutes were
taken by Martin Keegan.
</p>
<p>
Meeting opened at 9:10pm
</p>
<p>
1. Minutes of previous meeting
</p>
	<blockquote>
	These were confirmed subject to the alteration that Bob Dowling
	was actually in attendance at the previous meeting
	</blockquote>

	<blockquote>
	Matters arising:
	</blockquote>

	<blockquote>
	2 (Donations) The Sparc 10 had been accepted and was now a VPN router
	3 (Backups) A new backup system had been purchased and was being
		<blockquote>
		deployed
		</blockquote>
	4 (CUSU) A formal agreement had been signed with CUSU
	5 &amp; 6 (Recruitment / Garden Party) All items were accomplished
	</blockquote>

<p>
2. New machine
</p>
	<blockquote>
	The Chairman stated that the situation with kern was that it must
	be replaced. The Society has been lent more RAM which has been
	helpful in alleviating the performance problems of last term.
	However, the existing motherboard is at the limit of its
	expansion capacity in most respects (e.g., can only accommodate
	128Mb of RAM). It was noted that the current machine had served
	for six years as a student UNIX shell server (the latter three
	as the SRCF's main box).
	</blockquote>

	<blockquote>
	The Chair proposed acquiring a new machine with the following spec:
	Dual 1GHz PIII, 1Gb RAM, 128Gb disk. Such hardware was expected to
	last three years, until 2005.
	</blockquote>

	<blockquote>
	It was noted that the Society had 690 pounds in the bank. It was
	further noted that some University Societies depended heavily on
	the SRCF.
	</blockquote>

	<blockquote>
	It was agreed that the Society would solicit money from the
	Societies Syndicate, and noted that this was quite urgent. The
	Committee had already informally agreed to email the membership
	asking for cash as well.
	</blockquote>

	<blockquote>
	The possibility of an annual grant from the Societies Syndicate
	was discussed. The Treasurer will investigate whether applying
	for this is a good idea.
	</blockquote>

<p>
3. New admins and involving people
</p>
	<blockquote>
	A need was felt for new sysadmins, and better responsiveness by
	the sysadmin group. Martin Keegan gave an account of where he
	thought the failures and successes were occurring with the
	current system.
	</blockquote>

	<blockquote>
	It was agreed that the Society would solicit applications for
	new system administrators, and that the current sysadmins would
	make recommendations to the Committee.
	</blockquote>

	<blockquote>
	The possibility of starting a ``support'' mailing alias for
	interested members of the Society, members of the Committee and
	sysadmins was mooted. This would spread the burden of support
	and allow the Committee to monitor whether issues were being dealt
	with promptly.
	</blockquote>

<p>
4. New projects
</p>
	<blockquote>
	It was agreed that the attention of members should be drawn to
	some of the new development projects in which they could
	participate: the VPN system, the telnet discouragement system,
	replacing / fixing the current mailing list system, fixing the
	PHP system, and fixing the current website.
	</blockquote>

<p>
5. AGM
</p>
	<blockquote>
	Thursday 14 March was pencilled in as a desirable date for the AGM.
	The Treasurer would look into organising a room.
	</blockquote>

<p>
Meeting closed at 10:20pm
</p>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->