<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1>Minutes of SRCF committee meeting held 28th April 2005</h1>

<p><b>Venue:</b> The Castle Inn, Castle Hill</p>

<p><b>In attendance:</b></p>

<ul>
<li>Rob Bradford, president</li>
<li>Malcolm Scott, secretary</li>
<li>Teresa Dennis, treasurer</li>
<li>Richard Jones, publicity officer</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Minutes</b></p>

<ol>

<li>Publicity
	<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman">
	<li>Identification of benefits/uses
		<ul>
		<li>The SRCF is currently perceived as hard to get into for non-techies. The new site is much less intimidating than the old one was, but is a bit sparse on information currently.</li>
		<li>More info on features provided by the SRCF should be displayed on the website, e.g. IRC, e-mail/web forwarding for life, etc.</li>
		<li>Richard should be given access to update the website.</li>
		<li>The site should have a summary of "what we do for societies" and "what we do for users" on the front page without jargon.</li>
		<li>Techie stuff should be on a separate page.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Increasing accessibility
		<ul>
		<li>The addition of tutorials to the website was suggested.</li>
		<li>We should move some of the FAQs into a separate basic tutorials section, expanding and e.g. adding screenshots.</li>
		<li>This should be advertised in the welcome e-mail sent to users when they sign up (talk to sysadmins).</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Events
		<ul>
		<li>Squash</li>
		<li>Garden party -- see below</li>
		<li>Freshers fair -- Rob to organise</li>
		<li>Machine room tour</li>
		<li>Talks? (to replace what CUCS previously did). Rob suggested:
			<ul>
			<li>Matthew Garrett on Dasher or another of his projects/papers</li>
			<li>Martin Michlmayr on free software quality control</li>
			<li>Ross Anderson on something internet/law related</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Other publicity activities
		<ul>
		<li>Putting slides up in compsci lectures to advertise the above.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Monitoring of success
		<ul>
		<li>Don't worry too much :-)</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	</ol>
</li>

<li>Garden party
	<ul>
	<li>Venue?
		<ul>
		<li>Clare Hall? (as they currently seem very happy to help us)</li>
		<li>Collaborate with JCN to get Jesus Lane? (they have a barbeque)</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Wherever it is, it should be booked ASAP.</li>
	<li>Advertise to appropriate mailing list.</li>
	</ul>
</li>

<li>Possibility of upgrading CUSU's CUDN link
	<ul>
	<li>At the moment bandwidth usage is lowish (especially now the network has been fixed).</li>
	<li>However, higher burstable bandwidth would be nice.</li>
	<li>The upgrade fee is &pound;1500 (one-off).</li>
	<li>This money can be raised via CUSU, the Societies Syndicate, and our own fundraising.
		<ul>
		<li>Rob to e-mail people with both SRCF and CUSU hats on.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
</li>

<li>Fundraising
	<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman">
	<li>Dr. Bilodeau's proposal
		<ul>
		<li>This was deemed slightly intrusive, and possibly a breach of the DPA.</li>
		<li>Clare Hall are still willing to donate.</li>
		<li>A less intrusive version has already been discussed by e-mail.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Corporate sponsorship
		<ul>
		<li>No need?</li>
		<li>People are likely to have moral objections.</li>
		<li>There may be JANET commercial use issues -- if societies can't do this (as agreed last year) so we shouldn't.</li>
		<li>Conclusion: we don't need the money badly enough to take the risks.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Web design competition (suggested by Richard)
		<ul>
		<li>The idea is that we would offer a prize for the best-designed personal website (maybe including society websites), and we would find a company to donate the prizes.</li>
		<li>This would be a possibility to keep in mind, but again there is no need yet.</li>
		<li>Unsure what the response would be or how many people would enter.</li>
		<li>We should make sure that we remain as just a "service" though.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	</ol>
</li>

<li>Accounts etc.
	<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman">
	<li>Last year's accounts from Sean
		<ul>
		<li>These are currently being produced.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Bank account status
		<ul>
		<li>Control of the bank account was finally transferred to new committee (from the previous-but-one committee) on Monday.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Inventory of assets
		<ul>
		<li>We need to renew/redo this as the current one is out of date.</li>
		<li>It should include a 'cost to replace' column.</li>
		<li>It should be reviewed every couple of months.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	</ol>
</li>

<li>E-mails to respond to
	<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman">
	<li>gcg22 - selling stuff on the website
		<ul>
		<li>Rob to respond; tell her about newsgroups -- ucam.forsale.computer</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>tcmr2 - hosting non-university websites
		<ul>
		<li>Rob to respond; say he can just use a society account.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	</ol>
</li>

<li>Accounts for non-university members
	<ul>
	<li>Accounts for people to continue maintaining society accounts after they leave would be useful.</li>
	<li>Non-society-admin accounts would probably not be such a good idea.</li>
	<li>Note that new director of computing service started today; Rob to bring this up with the new director -- is the new interpretation of the rules still valid?</li>
	<li>The committee will decide on a case-by-case basis whether to allow someone an account for managing a society website after they leave the university.</li>
	<li>We may have to lock down network access for non-University users, to restrict access to CUDN-only material. Technical solutions are to be investigated by sysadmins (e.g. iptables uid/gid matching).</li>
	</ul>
</li>

<li>Looking after kern during the summer
	<ul>
	<li>Rob and Ross will be in Cambridge throughout the holidays. Malcolm will be here for a few weeks at the beginning and end.</li>
	<li>Air conditioning: Rob to talk to CUSU Services. If nothing happens we should buy it ourselves.</li>
	</ul>
</li>

<li>What to do with the gradunion machine
	<ul>
	<li>Use as a web accelerator for CUDN-internal access to kern?
		<ul>
		<li>The sysadmins should look into this.</li>
		<li>We would probably have to replace the machine with a better one.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Move everything we currently host in the JCN onto the gradunion machine -- status.srcf.ucam.org etc.</li>
	<li>What to do with the tape robot?
		<ul>
		<li>This should be useable for backups soon. Once we have the necessary interface card, the tape robot will hold several hundred GB.</li>
		<li>We have no backups at the moment, and we really need to emphasise this on website.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
</li>

<li>Delegation of srcf.ucam.org to us
	<ul>
	<li>Rob to pursue.</li>
	<li>We need to talk to the UCS about this in order to have the DNS block removed.</li>
	</ul>
</li>

<li>AOB
	<ul>
	<li>Teresa suggested that we maintain a list of societies which want websites, and people willing to design websites, allowing these people to get in touch.
		<ul>
		<li>We'd need disclaimers as we can't endorse the work of these people.</li>
		<li>This could be a summer project for Teresa.</li>
		<li>Possibly just keep the list of societies wanting website designers and just let people e-mail the societies concerned as they find the page.</li>
		<li>Or keep a private mailing list of people interested in designing websites and forward requests from societies on. This way there is no obligation.</li>
		<li>Designing websites for money is not likely to violate CUDN/JANET AUPs.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Spam to committee e-mail aliases
		<ul>
		<li>The addresses on the website will become non-links.</li>
		<li>Everyone should just turn the Hermes spam filter on.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Managing of open issues
		<ul>
		<li>We could use something like Request Tracker (for which we need Sarge to be released... Rob was duly prodded).</li>
		<li>For now one of us (Rob) should reply manually, saying at least "we're considering it" or similar.</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
</li>

</ol>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
