<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1>Minutes of SRCF committee meeting held 20th October 2006</h1>

<p><b>Venue:</b> The Castle Inn, Castle Hill</p>

<p><b>In attendance:</b></p>

<ul>
<li>Teresa Dennis, chairperson</li>
<li>Luke Norman, secretary</li>
<li>Haibo E, treasurer</li>
<li>David Simner, publicity officer</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Minutes</b></p>

<ol>

<li>Money for Server:
<ul>
<li>Tree will investigate the minutes from the final CUCS meeting to see
if there exists any money which the SRCF may be able to use. Tree and
Haibo will submit a proposal to the societies syndicate, before the
deadline at the end of the month.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Alumni Service:
<ul>
<li>The possibility of a paid-for service to alumni was raised. This was
discussed, but it was decided we would not take this idea any further.</li>
<li>Firstly, because it may cost too much, and secondly because it may
violate CUDN rules.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Terms of Service discussion:
<ul>
<li>It was discussed whether or not a clause needed to be added to the
ToS, to allow the committee to remove the accounts of users who were
abusive to the support helpers, or had other caused to be removed, not
covered by previous rules. It was decided this wasn't needed, as we
don't believe it's a big enough issue, and decisions can be made
internally on a case-by-case basis. Also, almost all violations not
covered by the ToS would be covered by CUDN rules.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Internet Banking:
<ul>
<li>It was agreed that internet banking would be useful, and that Haibo
will set it up.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>PayPal:
<ul>
<li>A link to donate via PayPal will be set up on the donations page.</li>
<li>PayPal has fees associated, so we will include text detailing that
cheques are preferable if possible.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Inventory of equipment:
<ul>
<li>We need to perform an inventory of the equipment we have. Haibo will
ask the sys-admins about the inventory, and will also speak to CUSU
about what insurance we have, if any, and what we need to do to ensure
we are fully covered.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Spam:
<ul>
<li>It was noted that committee addresses recieve a large volume of spam.</li>
<li>Options for reducing this were discussed, but the committee agreed
that little could be done to reduce spam further, and that users
should take their own precautions (client-side filtering rather than
server-side).</li>
</ul>
</li>

</ol>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
