<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1>Minutes of SRCF committee meeting held 4th May 2006</h1>

<p><b>Venue:</b> The Castle Inn, Castle Hill</p>

<p><b>In attendance:</b></p>

<ul>
<li>Teresa Dennis, chairperson</li>
<li>Luke Norman, secretary</li>
<li>Haibo E, treasurer</li>
<li>David Simner, publicity officer</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Minutes</b></p>

<ol>

<li>Approval of minutes:
<ul>
<li>The minutes had not yet been sent to Luke from the previous secretary.</li>
<li>These would be looked at at the next meeting.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Mandate Change:
<ul>
<li>Teresa and Haibo will organise a time next week to go to HSBC and
change the mandate.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Stall at CUSU Societies Fair:
<ul>
<li>We require a stall with electricity at the societies fair, and this
will cost Â£70 for the 2 days.</li>
<li>We will produce flyers to give to individuals, and also use the fair
to give flyers to societies in attendance, advising them of the
services that we can offer. Teresa said that she could print these for
free if they were done by September. David will design these flyers.</li>
<li>There will also be a laptop with a sign-up form that people can fill
in. This won't require network access, as the information will be
saved, and submitted at the end of the fair.</li>
<li>David will organise the stall, and ask the sys-admins to help. He will
e-mail round nearer the time and devise a rota.</li>
<li>Luke suggested that we could make better use of the fact that we will
have electricity - the committee will discuss this at the next meeting.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>May Week Garden Party:
<ul>
<li>Teresa suggested the afternoon of the 17th or 18th as possible days
for a garden party. The committee agreed it should be in a central
location so David will look into possible venues and report back.</li>
<li>The garden party will be advertised to the correct srcf mailing list,
and David will talk to Ross about advertising it on the website.</li>
<li>Teresa and Haibo offered to bake things if necessary.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Money for new server:
<ul>
<li>The possibility of getting money from CUSU was discussed, Luke will
investigate this. We can also obtain money from donations (see 6), or
from the societies syndicate (see 7). Teresa will ask the sys-admins
to spec up something suitable, so we can get an idea of price.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Donations on the website:
<ul>
<li>A paypal account is now up and running. Teresa will speak to Ross
about getting a donations page on the website, which people can opt-in
to appear on if they donate. We should also try to get a banner/logo
to advertise the fact that people can now donate, and tie this in with
a donations drive in order to secure money for the new server.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Joining the societies syndicate:
<ul>
<li>Our membership lapsed in 2004, but all we need to do is send annual
accounts and a list of officers and we can get reinstated. If we do
this, we should be able to get a large sum of money towards our new
server. Tree and Haibo will work on getting membership reinstated.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Advertising ourselves to societies:
<ul>
<li>The university is changing the way its provisions for societies work,
so now would be a good time to offer SRCF services to societies on the
universities old system. David will look at the possibility of
e-mailing these societies, and will report back.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>SRCF Webmaster:
<ul>
<li>Rob Bradford currently administers the SRCF website, but will be
leaving soon. The committee will look at the constitution to see what
will be done, and Luke will speak to Rob about his plans for next
year.</li>
</ul>
</li>

</ol>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
