<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1>Minutes of SRCF committee meeting held 16th May 2008</h1>

<p><b>Venue:</b> The Castle Inn</p>

<p><b>In attendance:</b></p>

<ul>
<li>David Simner, chairperson</li>
<li>Malte Schwarzkopf, junior treasurer</li>
<li>Malcolm Scott, secretary</li>
<li>Kristian Glass, publicity officer</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Minutes</b></p>

<ol>

<li>Matters arising from previous minutes:
<ul>
<li><i>Postponed pending publication of minutes.</i></li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Reunion dinner:
<ul>
<li>Highly successful.</li>
<li>Next year is our 10th anniversary; we should organise another dinner to celebrate this.</li>
<li><b>Action:</b> Kristian to ask Martin Keegan for the exact date of the anniversary.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>LAN party:
<ul>
<li>Another LAN party will be held during May Week.</li>
<li><b>Action:</b> Malcolm to liaise with Rob Bricheno to book a room (ideally Friday during May Week, or the Saturday before).</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Garden party:
<ul>
<li>Can be held any day except Sunday.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Stash:
<ul>
<li>Poor response to design competition (only one non-committee submission).</li>
<li>Discussion took place on the merits or otherwise of including the CRSIDs of those people who order t-shirts on the t-shirt (in a similar manner to JCN).  It was decided that for various reasons this would not be desirable (e.g. if irritating users ordered t-shirts).</li>
<li>The preferred design is Malcolm's (ASCII-art SRCF made from SSH keys on front, GPG signatures of this by committee on back), but <a href="http://www.debian.org/security/2008/dsa-1571">recent events</a> have necessitated changing this key after the design was produced.  A possible modification was discussed, as follows:
	<ul>
	<li>Front: design as above using <i>old</i> SSH keys, crossed out in pen; new key handwritten underneath, followed by "Thanks Debian :-)".</li>
	<li>Back: key fingerprints (in all six formats) in an easily-typeable form (no tabs or extra spaces), with detached GPG signatures as above.</li>
	</ul>
</li>
<li><b>Action:</b> Malcolm to prepare graphics (of this design or a variation thereof), solicit orders in the garden party announcement email, and ideally have t-shirts printed before the garden party (or if not, solicit orders there too).</li>
<li>We should aim to produce a new design every year.  Next year, we should make a special 10th anniversary t-shirt.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>PhoCUS:
<ul>
<li>PhoCUS (University photographic society) have asked for a large amount of disk space for a photo archival system.  We are worried that the system as proposed may grow indefinitely and rapidly.</li>
<li>We should show an interest in what they are doing, how they are doing it, and who is using it &mdash; as it is a potentially high-profile project, and also because we should make sure that the resources are being well-used.</li>
<li>Additionally we should make it clear to them that space is limited.</li>
<li><b>Action:</b> inform PhoCUS that, to start with, they should do a small-scale installation using standard society account resources, then apply for increased resources once the system is successfully in operation.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Bank account access:
<ul>
<li>Malte now has access to the account, but statements etc. are being posted incorrectly to "Malte Schwarzkopf, Jesus College" rather than John's.</li>
<li>Jesus are aware of the situation, holding the post for Malte to collect, which is workable for now.</li>
<li><b>Action:</b> pester HSBC to sort this out properly.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Security:
<ul>
<li><b>Action:</b> Kristian (in his sysadmin capacity) to write a script to look for world-readable files whose names suggest that they may contain database passwords (*config*.php, localsettings.php, etc.)</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Societies' fair:
<ul>
<li>Kristian is aware of the impending signup urgency and will deal with this as soon as CUSU announce that signup is open.</li>
<li>We should get a small stall with electricity, and actually make good use of electricity this year &mdash; for example, display a slideshow on a large monitor.</li>
<li><b>Action:</b> Kristian to look into possible things to give out at the stall, e.g. SRCF pens</li>
<li>During the fair, we should go around other societies in order to:
	<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman">
	<li>Advertise to societies who are not hosted with us (which we can determine from the CUSU societies directory)</li>
	<li>For those who are, ask them if they mind us sticking a "Hosted by the SRCF -- find us at $location" sticker on their posters.</li>
	</ol>
</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Other publicity ideas for next year:
<ul>
<li>Posters for college computer rooms and CL noticeboard</li>
<li>Advertising at the start of a 1A CST lecture &mdash; <b>Action:</b> Malcolm to contact Christine Northeast regarding this.</li>
<li>Publicise good use of the SRCF, e.g. "you should do your own backups and keep software up-to-date", more obviously.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Sysadmin request tracking:
<ul>
<li><b>Action:</b> sysadmins to investigate the pros and cons of moving to a request tracker or a shared IMAP mailbox.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Update of terms of service (<b>webmaster action</b>):
<ul>
<li>"6. Backups will be made" &rarr; "Take your own backups"; don't mention at all that we take backups to encourage users to do so.</li>
<li>"9. Users are not permitted to compromise...":
	<ul>
	<li>Remove outdated information about sysadmin-run automatic cracking.</li>
	<li>Split into two points:
		<ol style="list-style-type: lower-roman">
		<li>"You are responsible for maintaining the security of your passeord"</li>
		<li>"Don't mess around and violate the privacy of others' accounts"</li>
		</ol>
	</li>
	</ul>
</li>
<li>"7. You may run CGIs...": we don't need to state that explicitly; merge the security aspects into clause 3.</li>
<li>Point 10 is very poorly written; "in statu pupillari" technically limits the service to students, which is not at all what we want to achieve.  Reword to limit to e.g. "people with CUDN access".</li>
<li>We should write a more complete privacy policy (using the Hermes one for inspiration).</li>
<li>We need to stress that we are run by volunteers and we cannot guarantee anything.</li>
<li>Add a point stating that we may change the ToS by announcing the change on the website at least n weeks in advance.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Miscellaneous <b>sysadmin actions:</b>
<ul>
<li>Move /tmp and /var/tmp off the root filesystem.</li>
<li>Consider automated vulnerability scanners e.g. Nessus.</li>
<li>Document good practice for sysadmins, e.g. setting reply-to to the appropriate r&ocirc;le address when sending email.</li>
<li>Add stock emails to the wiki, particularly those which regularly confuse users, e.g. SSH host key change and user expiry.</li>
<li>Add the servers to each others' /etc/ssh/known_hosts.</li>
<li>Check whether PWF Windows or Linux has outdated SSH key fingerprints for us again, and if so, ask them to update.</li>
</ul>
</li>

</ol>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
