<!--#set var="title" value="" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1>Minutes of SRCF committee meeting held 22nd February 2009</h1>
<p><br/>
    <em>Venue: </em>The Regal<br/>
    <em>Time: </em>1500-1800</p>

<h2>In attendance:</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Malte Schwarzkopf (ms705), Chairman</li>
  <li>Han-Ley Tang (hlt32), Secretary</li>
  <li>Fergus Ross Ferrier (frf21), Junior Treasurer</li>
  <li>Daniel Thomas (drt24), Publicity Officer</li>
  <li>Malcolm Scott (mas90), Sysadmin</li>
</ul>

<h2>Minutes</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Decide on spends (raised by ms705).
    <ul>
      <li>Disk replacement for pip .
        <ul>
          <li>Disk  integrity checks have warned us of a failing disk on pip.</li>
          <li><tt>pip</tt>  is our most important server - we do not want to be missing a disk.</li>
          <li>Warranty  replacements take a long time.</li>
          <li>Estimated  cost of replacement: &pound;50</li>
          <li><strong>Action: </strong>Malcolm (mas90) to purchase replacement disk  using Paypal and investigate warranty status of failing disk (serial number:  5QG0BX8G).</li>
          <li><strong>Action: </strong>Failing disk will be replaced  and sent back to be replaced under warranty (hopefully), the warranty  replacement will be kept as a spare.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Wildcard SSL certificate
        <ul>
          <li>Cost,  1 year - &pound;85, 2 year - &pound;149, 3 year - &pound;213, 4 year - &pound;277, 5 year - &pound;340)</li>
          <li>Need  to compromise between saving money in the long run and current available funds.</li>
          <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm (mas90) to renew for 2  years.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Replacement SCSI backplane for earthquake.
          <ul>
            <li>Multiple  disk failures lead to a replacement SCSI backplane being needed.</li>
            <li>Reimburse  Malcolm (mas90) for &pound;57.98</li>
            <li><strong>Action:</strong> Reimburse Malcolm (mas90) for  &pound;57.98.</li>
          </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  
  <li>Machine room tour (ms705).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malte (ms705) to email Bob Dowling (rjd4). Aim for last week of Lent term.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Lent Term LAN party (ms705).
    <ul>
      <li>Proposed date: end of Easter term.</li>
      <li>Date chosen due to us wishing to hold the  machine room tour in Lent.</li>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm (mas90) to investigate holding LAN party at Trinity Hall in Easter Term.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>10th anniversary celebrations  (ms705).
    <ul>
      <li>Committee/Ex-Committee/Sysadmin/Ex-Sysadmin  dinner date.
          <ul>
            <li>Date:  11th-14th June.</li>
            <li>Estimated  number: ~40</li>
            <li>Venue:  investigate Trinity/Peterhouse/Trinity Hall/Johns.</li>
            <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to report back before  the end of term.</li>
          </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>AlphaServer sale (ms705).
    <ul>
      <li>We have an AlphaServer DS20 with 5x 36.4GB, 1x  9.1GB disks donated by TCM (http://www.tcm.phy.cam.ac.uk/).</li>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to approach Kristian (kg289) to investigate if he can wipe disks and  sell the server on Ebay (collection only, &pound;1 starting price, maximum auction  length.)</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Tape server sale (ms705).
    <ul>
      <li>We have an unused Compaq Storageworks TL891  MiniLibrary Tape robot donated by TCM (http://www.tcm.phy.cam.ac.uk/).</li>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to approach Kristian (kg289) to investigate if he can destroy the tapes  and sell the tape robot on Ebay (collection only, &pound;1 starting price, maximum  auction length).</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Facebook group/events (drt24).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to open existing group and invite members.</li>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to create a Facebook page for SRCF.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>SMS gateway sponsored by MX Telecom (ms705).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to investigate if Kristian (kg289) is willing to contribute ideas and  give advice or implement design. Otherwise investigate who else is willing/able to.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Stash design competition/new stash run (drt24).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Daniel (drt24) to update website to make screens available and inform users  about stash orders.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Webmaster (ms705).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> None, committee and sysadmins fulfil the role of webmaster and are all able to  edit the website. However, notifications  should be sent to all concerned.</li>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm (mas90) to update version control so that sysadmins are informed of  changes.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Behaviour of http://srcf.ucam.org, should it  redirect to http://www.srcf.ucam.org? (frf21).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to ask sysadmins to investigate.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Poster design competition (drt24).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to design and print new posters.Â   Posters to be placed in college computer rooms and possibly in the CL  and UCS. Daniel (drt24) to add PDFs of  posters to the website for members to access.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Website updates (hlt32).
    <ul>
      <li>Separate machines page.
          <ul>
            <li><strong>Action:</strong> Webmaster to update FAQ or create a separate page.</li>
          </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Update website to include thunder's  specification/role.
        <ul>
          <li><strong>Action:</strong> Webmaster to update FAQ or separate page as appropriate.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Accessible way: for new members to join IRC. (CGI::IRC/pjirc/other).
          <ul>
            <li><strong>Action: </strong>Malcolm (mas90) to investigate implementing CGI::IRC. Webmaster to update website accordingly.</li>
          </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>History/Timeline of the SRCF (hlt32).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee and sysadmins to create list of past sysadmins on the wiki and add to  website when complete.</li>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Daniel (drt24) to update website with history/timeline.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Fix erroneous references to kern (drt24).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to ask sysadmins to update webalizer.</li>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Daniel (drt24) to email societies who are still referring to kern.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Update FAQ (drt24).
    <ul>
      <li>How to chmod apache password files to the most  secure settings (ACLs?).
          <ul>
            <li><strong>Action:</strong> Webmaster to update FAQ to note  that apache basic auth is insecure.</li>
          </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Per user vhosts (mas90).
    <ul>
      <li>Long term project.</li>
      <li>Agreed that sysadmins will pursue this further.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Domain: srcf.co.uk (hlt32)
    <ul>
      <li>Han-Ley (hlt32) has donated srcf.co.uk to the  SRCF.</li>
      <li><strong>Action: </strong>The domain will be registered to the SRCF and  administered by Retrosnub. Han-Ley (hlt32) and Malcolm (mas90) will organise this.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>

  <li>Constitutional amendments (drt24).
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Action:</strong> Left for next meeting owing to a lack of time.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->