<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF committee meeting held 9th December 2009" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
 <br>
<i>Venue</i>:  Starbucks, Market Square <br>
<i>Time:</i> 09:00-11:30 <br>
<i>In attendance: </i><br>
<ul>
 <li>Malte Schwarzkopf (ms705), Chairman </li>
 <li>Han-Ley Tang (hlt32), Secretary </li>
 <li>Daniel Thomas (drt24), Publicity Officer </li>
 <li>Malcolm Scott (mas90), Sysadmin </li>
</ul>
<h2>Minutes </h2>
<ul>

<li>Society Fair.
 <ul>
  <li>Overall, a success. </li>
  <li>Recommendations for next year. 
   <ul>
    <li>New display.</li>
    <li>Proper flyers.</li>
    <li>Better organisation.</li>
    <li>We need more people to man the stall.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Welcome Social.
 <ul>
  <li>Overall, a success. </li>
  <li>Recommendations for next year.
   <ul>
    <li>Book the venue earlier.</li>
    <li>More publicity of the event.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>LAN Party.
 <ul>
  <li>Poor turnout - 18 signed up, 10 turned up. </li>
  <li>Financially, we broke even. <br>
  <li> Booking the venue earlier would ensure us a larger room.</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>CST 1A Talk.
 <ul>
  <li>Given by Malte (ms705) and Daniel (drt24). </li>
  <li>Recommendations for next year. 
   <ul>
    <li>Do not try to demonstrate the desktop service on Lapwing.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>CST 1B Talk.  
 <ul>
  <li>Given by Daniel (drt24). </li>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Investigate contacting the CST 1B mailing list.</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Machine Room Tour.
 <ul>
  <li>To take place on the first Wednesday of Lent Full Term. <br>
  <li> <strong>Action:</strong> We need to this confirm with Bob (rjd4) and publicise it.</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>ToS Violation: Ximin Luo.
 <ul>
  <li>We have suspended his account. <br>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malte to inform him of our decision (See previous meeting's minutes).</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>ToS complaint from Theo Markettos.
 <ul>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to contact Theo and inform him that we have noted his 
concerns (See previous meeting's minutes.) </li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>New Switch.
 <ul>
  <li>Our current switch is full. </li>
  <li>We were offered a new switch by Michael Wells (3rd Light). </li>
  <li>We want this new switch. </li>
  <li>This offer was made at the 10th Anniversary dinner. </li>
  <li> <strong>Action:</strong> Committee to ask if this offer is still available.</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Job offers from Jock Busuletti.
 <ul>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malte (ms705) to contact Jock (See previous meeting's minutes).</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>New Sysadmins.
 <ul>
  <li>We have a number of interested candidates. </li>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Organise a pub meet as early in Lent as possible. </li>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Approach Kristian to request that he organises this in December.</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Graphical Desktop Service (GDS).
 <ul>
  <li>The current service is oversubscribed for the hardware we have. <br>
  We need to upgrade the hardware for the GDS. </li>
  <li> Load balancing on FreeNX.
   <ul>
    <li>We know this is possible. </li>
    <li>We would need sysadmin time to implement and maintain this.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Possible solutions.
   <ul>
    <li>Upgrade Thunder with more RAM.
     <ul>
      <li>ECC DDR is currently very expensive.</li>
     </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Buy a number of cheaper machines.
     <ul>
      <li>Possible 2nd hand machines from Taptu.</li>
     </ul>
    </li>
    <li>Buy one powerful machine.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee has budgeted &pound;1000 for these upgrades.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Request donations for this.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>  
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Documentation System.
 <ul>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to ask sysadmins to decide and implement a system. </li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Move to vhosts.
 <ul>
  <li>Migrating to vhosts will involve significant disruption to current services. </li>
  <li>Were we to want to move domain, this should be done simultaneously to
minimise disruption caused by the transition. </li>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Discuss a domain move at the AGM.</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Stash design.
 <ul>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Wait for new sysadmins for design input.</li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Alphaserver and Tape robot sale.
 <ul>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> List Alphaserver (&pound;100) and Tape robot (&pound;20) on newsgroup and Gumtree. </li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>Committee handover.
 <ul>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Organise meeting after we know who the new committee are. </li>
 </ul>
</li>

<li>UCS Ravenisations to Mailman.
 <ul>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Leave to sysadmins to decide best action. </li>
 </ul>
</li>

</ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->