<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF committee meeting held 29th September 2009" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1>Minutes of SRCF committee meeting held 29th September 2009</h1>
<p><i>Venue</i>: The Castle <br/>
<i>Time: </i>2000 - 2300 <br/></p>
<p><i>In attendance: </i></p>
<ul>
	<li>Malte Schwarzkopf (ms705), Chairman </li>
	<li>Han-Ley Tang (hlt32), Secretary</li>
	<li>Fergus Ross Ferrier (frf21), Junior Treasurer</li>
	<li>Daniel Thomas (drt24), Publicity Officer</li>
	<li>Malcolm Scott (mas90), Sysadmin</li>
	<li>David Simner (djs203), ex-Chairman</li>
</ul>

<h2>Minutes </h2>
<ul>
	<li>Societies Fair <br/>
	<ul>
		<li>Stall manning.
		<ul>
			<li>We are doomed, we current have one person, Daniel (drt24), and he cannot
			cover Tuesday afternoon.</li>
			<li>Malte (ms705) can probably cover the second day and might be able to get
			away for some of the afternoon of the first.</li>
			<li>Ideally, we would have more than one person to man the stall at any given
			time, thus, we should look for volunteers.</li>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to email the social list, asking for volunteers, 
			offering a queue jump and free chocolate. </li>
			<li>Fergus (frf21) may also be able to help out for an hour on a flexible basis.</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
		<li>Preparation.
		<ul>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Daniel (drt24) to acquire chocolate and receipts - upper limit of &pound;25.</li>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Malte (ms705) to print flyers (500 copies).</li>
			<li>The Publicity Officer would like it to be specifically emphasised that people 
			place any PR related materials (presentations, flyers etc.) that they produce for the SRCF in a folder in the ~srcf folder on pip. </li>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Malte (ms705) to provide a monitor</li>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm (mas90) to hack something together to show the presentation.</li>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Fergus (frf21)to provide clipboards for email addresses interested in
			joining the society. </li>
		</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	Introductory Talks for CompScis (IA / IB / II).
	<ul>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm (mas90) to contact Christine Northeast regarding arranging the talks.</li>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Malte (ms705) and Daniel (drt24) to deliver talks.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	Welcome Social.
	<ul>
		<li>Time and Location.
		Friday, 09/10/2009 @ 1930-2300 (arrive at 1900 to set up). <br/>Trinity Hall in B Dining Room (now 'Bridgetower Room').</li>
		<li>Possible cost of £25 for room hire.</li>
		<li>Preparation &amp; Shopping
		<ul>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to approach MX Telecom for sponsorship.</li>
			<li>Total budget of £100 (including room hire cost ~&pound;25, ~&pound;50 on initial purchase of food + drink and ~&pound;25 discretionary budget if we run out of food+drink).</li>
			<li>Need to acquire alcohol and snacks.</li>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm to approach Chris Share to see if we can have a lift.</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	TOS violation by Ximin Luo (xl269), Queens.
	<ul>
		<li>Violation of the TOS in finding world readable database passwords and then
		emailing them to their owners and himself.</li>
		<li>After discovery of this, his account was suspended pending discussion by the 
		sysadmins and committee. </li>
		<li><strong>Motion:</strong> Terminate Ximin Luo (xl269)'s membership of the SRCF and inform him that 
		he may reapply the following academic year pending a review of circumstances.</li>
		<li>Passed unanimously.</li>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to email Ximin Luo (xl269) informing him of this and
		explaining his breach of the TOS. </li>
		<li><strong>Motion:</strong> To report incident to CERT.</li>
		<li>Passed unanimously. </li>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to email Ximin Luo (xl269) informing him of this.</li>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm (mas90) to email CERT of this incident.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	Securing phpMyAdmin behind Raven.
	<ul>
		<li><strong>Motion:</strong> Committee to approach the sysadmins requesting that they to consider
		securing phpMyAdmin behind Raven.</li>
		<li>Passed unanimously.</li>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to consider this.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	ToS Complaint from Theo Markettos (atm26).
	<ul>
		<li><strong>Motion:</strong> Committee to approach the sysadmins requesting that they consider a 
		clarification of the TOS. </li>
		<li>Passed unanimously.</li>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to approach the sysadmins requesting that they consider
		a clarification of the TOS.</li>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to contact Theo Markettos (atm26) informing him of this.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	Plans for the new academic year.
	<ul>
		<li>Machine Room Tour.
		<ul>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to contact Bob Dowling (rjd4) regarding a machine room
			tour.</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
		<li>LAN Party.
		<ul>
			<li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm to investigate the possibility of a LAN party this term.</li>
		</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	Alumni email service.
	<ul>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> The SRCF to consider providing an email service to graduating members.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>Stuff to put into the start-of-year email.
	<ul>
		<li>Advertise welcome squash.</li>
		<li>Summarise the services we have.</li>
		<li>Ask about prospective sysadmins/committee.</li> 
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>ISSS Seat.
	<ul>
		<li><strong>Motion:</strong> Committee to pursue seat on ISSS.</li>
		<li>Unanimously passed.</li>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to investigate this.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	We need a new switch.
	<ul>
		<li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to contact Michael Wells regarding the offer of a donation of a switch.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
	<li>
	Jock Busuttil (experian _AT_ dermot.org.uk) requested that we contact members with job offers.
	<ul>
		<li>Committee to contact Jock thanking him for his offer and directing him to the
		Careers Service who can best utilise his kind offer.</li>
	</ul>
	</li>
</ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
