<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF commitee meeting held 18th April 2009" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1>Minutes of SRCF commitee meeting held 18th April 2009</h1>
<p>Venue: D8 North Court, St. John's College<br />
Time: 2000-2300</p>

  <h2>In attendance:</h2>
  <ul>
  <li>Malte Schwarzkopf (ms705), Chairman</li>
  <li>Han-Ley Tang (hlt32), Secretary</li>
  <li>Fergus Ross Ferrier (frf21), Junior Treasurer</li>
  <li>Daniel Thomas (drt24), Publicity Officer</li>
  <li>Malcolm Scott (mas90), sysadmin</li>
  <li>Ian Abel (iga20), sysadmin</li>
  <li>David Simner (djs203), ex-Chairman</li>
  </ul>
  <h2>Minutes</h2>
 <ol>
  <li>Breaches of the TOS. James Rutt (jmr81) gave Rory Scott (rs503)'s login details to a 3rd party
  web development company (Stuart Hutchinson, stuart [at] dansondigital [dot] co [dot] uk).
   <ul>
    <li>Accounts are both currently suspended.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Instruct web development company that they must give the files to the user
  to upload and explicitly instruct them that they do not have permission to access our
  server.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to set up procedure for suspending accounts.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to reinstate their accounts and instruct them to reread the TOS.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to inform CERT.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Open Source software talks proposal by the European Bioinformatics Institute.
   <ul>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Publicity officer to email srcf-social in order to determine interest.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to inform EBI that if there is interest, we will help organise a trial talk - if there is success they should look into creating a separate society for this.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Earthquake.
   <ul>
    <li>Current status: Fell over again after backplane replacement, likely that one disk is apparently dead.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Disk has been replaced - wait and see.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Locust.
   <ul>
    <li>Donated by Malcolm (mas90) as serial console. We are grateful to him for this.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Rearrangement of server rack.
   <ul>
    <li>We have purchased a UPS for &pound;75. Malcolm has rearranged the server rack and installed Locust and the UPS. We are grateful to him for this.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Thunder.
  <ul>
  <li>Possible uses: SRCF remote desktop, alumni email, load balance remote desktop.</li>
  <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to investigate feasibility of load balancing remote desktop.</li>
  </ul></li>
  <li>Cyclone.
   <ul>
    <li>Problem with processes not terminating correctly.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to investigate cause and resolution.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Alumni email.
   <ul>
    <li>Poll existing users for interest in alumni email.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Recruitment of new sysadmins.
   <ul>
    <li>At the end of this year, we will have no undergraduate sysadmins.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Han-Ley (hlt32) to approach Nick Stenning (nhs27) to determine his interest.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to email support mailing list.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>SRCF Documentation.
   <ul>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to investigate a new documentation system.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Support list to be given access to edit documentation system.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee, sysadmins and support to port existing documentation.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Support mailing list.
   <ul>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to create procedure for editing the mailing list.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>THCS money.
   <ul>
    <li>THCS are donating a total of &pound;600 to the SRCF; we are grateful to them for this.</li>
    <li>There is a possibility of a donation of &pound;100 per year for the next 9 years. The &pound;100 is
  contingent on nobody applying for the THCS funded prize at Trinity Hall.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>SRCF Garden Party.
   <ul>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Publicity officer to investigate sponsorship.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm (mas90) to investigate Trinity Hall as a venue.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> David (djs203) to investigate Jesus as a venue.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Anniversary Dinner.
  <ul>
    <li>We have a venue, contract and deposit.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malcolm (mas90) to give Malte (ms705) guest list from last year.</li>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Chairman to invites guests.</li>
    <li>Menu price: &pound;38 for non-drinking, &pound;45 for drinking.</li>
    <li>Additional: Malcolm (mas90) to investigate corkage.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>TOS rewrite.
   <ul>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> sysadmins to investigate the TOS rewrite.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>UCS Ravenisations to Mailman.
   <ul>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> sysadmins to request Ravenisations to Mailman from the UCS.</li>
    <li>It was noted that Mailman sucks.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Password email.
   <ul>
    <li><strong>Action:</strong> Add clause that users are not to share account information.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Move to vhosts.
   <ul>
    <li>Move to vhosts is on hold pending discussion with the UCS on its implementation. </li>
   </ul>
  </li>
 </ol>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->