<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of meeting of the SRCF Executive on Monday 4<sup>th</sup> October 2010" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

  <p><strong>Venue:</strong> Starbucks Market Square</p>

  <p><strong>Timestamp:</strong> 2010-10-04 14:50</p>

  <p><strong>In attendance:</strong> Daniel Thomas (drt24, Secretary), Richard
  Whitehouse (rjw201, Sysadmin), Ed Tait (ewt23, Publicity)</p>

  <p><strong>Apologies:</strong> Kristian Glass (Sysadmin), Meeting was moved
  at short notice</p>

  <p>Minutes taken by Daniel Thomas, meeting chaired by Daniel Thomas.</p>

  <h3>Ratification of the minutes of the previous meeting</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Ratified</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Freshers Fair</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Timetable</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Daniel Tuesday: 09:00-14:00, 16:00-18:30, Wednesday
          09:30-13:30</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Richard Tuesday: 09:00-13:00,</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Ed Tuesday: 14:00-18:30</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>We need to email executive asking for people to fill in slots</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Flyers</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>File containing flyer is lost.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p><strong>Action (Daniel):</strong> Find or create new one and email
          Malte to print or print himself.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>MRT</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p><strong>Action (Daniel):</strong> to contact Senior Treasurer to
      arrange this</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>EGM</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>We have a venue and time (TH Bridgetower room, 19:00)</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We still need a replacement secretary.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><strong>Action (Ed):</strong> to ask Nicholas Tomlinson</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Welcome Social</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p><strong>Action (Malc):</strong> is going to book TH, [booked for
      Monday 11<sup>th</sup> October from 19:00]</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>LAN Party</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Malc is organising</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>IA Talks</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Daniel to email organiser asking for permission.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Daniel and Ed to do this (unless Ed has a practical or is otherwise
      unavailable)</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>II Talks</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Daniel to contact organiser asking for permission</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Daniel and Richard to do this</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Malc's Crazy ideas</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Postponed as Malcolm absent</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Moving over to sub-domains</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Postponed - insufficient sysadmins</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Orphaned societies</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Postponed - need to revisit before Easter</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Users who have their accounts suspended from last year</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Minutes of a previous meeting (2010-02-20) suggest that this be
      reviewed now.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Frankie Robertson (fr272): stated he did not want an account again</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>We don't know that he has learnt his lesson as he thought we
          rather than he were wrong.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Matvey Soloviev (ms900): stated he would like to have an account
      again.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Understands our point of view even if he doesn't agree with it,
          probably won't do something so stupid in future.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Motion</strong> to allow Matvey Soloviev to reapply for an
      account if he wants to.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Passed unanimously</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Motion</strong> to not allow Frankie to reapply for membership
      unless review by a future committee meeting allows it. Review only in the
      case that he attempts to reapply.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Passed unanimously</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>AOB</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>No</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p><br /></p>

  <p>Meeting closed at: 14:50</p>

  <h2>Actions arising</h2>

  <p>Daniel</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Organise MRT</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Organise Flyer</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Organise IA and II talks</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Malcolm</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Book TH for welcome social</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Ed</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Contact Nicholas Tomlinson</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Help give IA talk</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Richard</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Help give II talk</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h2>Actions arising from previous meetings</h2>

  <p>Elliot</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>investigate societies funding.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Sysadmins</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Switch to using srcf.net and per user/society subdomains</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Malte:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Finish obtaining the switch from Third Light - we need it.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
