<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF Committee meeting of Friday 2010-03-12" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
  <p><b>Venue:</b> Starbucks Market Square</p>

  <p><b>Time-interval:</b> 2010-03-12
  14:00-14:45</p>

  <p><b>In attendance:</b> Daniel Thomas (drt24,
  Secretary), Malcolm Scott (mas90, Sysadmin), Elliott Pace (etp20,
  Junior Treasurer), Ed Tait (ewt23, PR Officer), Han-Ley Tang
  (hlt32, Chairman), Richard Whitehouse (rjw201, Sysadmin)</p>

  <p><b>Apologies:</b> None</p>

  <p>Minutes taken by Daniel Thomas.</p>

  <p><br /></p>

  <h3>Perl script as committee member?</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Suggestion that the membership
      secretary perl script be co-opted onto the SRCF Committee
      (Han-Ley)</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>While theoretically possible.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>No: Troll.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>New sysadmins: Malte, Richard, Bill, Ben,
  Caroline, Nick.</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Malte (ms705): is a sysadmin again.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Richard (rjw201) and Ben (bm380): are
      now sysadmins.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Nick (nhs27): half way to being a
      sysadmin and approved by the last committee.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Bill (wac26):
      will be made a sysadmin when he next turns up on IRC.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Caroline: Sysadmins still need to
      meet.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We have more sysadmins, this is a Good
      Thing.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><b>Motion</b>: to approve Malte,
      Richard, Ben, Bill as new sysadmins and the addition of
      Caroline subject to the approval of sysadmins when they meet
      her in the future:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Motion <b>passed
          unanimously</b>.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Disks for new servers</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>We don't have any yet.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><b>Action:</b> Malcolm will do this
      (&pound;280 has been allocated for this by the last committee).</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Malcolm is intending to use
          XenServer across the new servers.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Because he has specific plans this
          can't be delegated</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Ratification of minutes of the previous
  meeting</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p><b>Ratified</b> (The only person in
      attendance who was also at the last executive meeting was
      Daniel)</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>SRCF Garden Party</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>We should have one</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>If we pick a date then Malcolm will try
      to book it at Trinity Hall.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We want a date which doesn't clash with
      things.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><b>Action:</b> Pick a garden party date
      really soon</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Daniel to make a doodle</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>When we have a date Han-Ley will
          contact MX Telecom</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>When we have a date Malcolm will
          book a venue at Trinity Hall</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Annual dinner</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>We will have one</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Open to past and present committee and
      sysadmins, Third light, MX Telecom, friendly UCS people.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><b>Action</b></p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Pick a date (Daniel to make
          doodle)</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Having picked a date enquire with
          different colleges to see where we can get the best
          deal.</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>Wolfson court were very good
              and not expensive</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>Trinity Hall was very good but
              expensive.</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>[We didn't decide who would
              talk to which college, basically each person would
              ask their college/ones they know the most about]</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>We had ~25 people in attendance
          last year.</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>Send out a email to determine
              numbers with a time limit on reply. (Last year we
              didn't know numbers as far in advance as we would
              have liked to have known them)</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Switch from Third Light</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p><b>Action:</b> Malte finish obtaining
      the switch: we need it.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Domain names</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>We now own srcf.net and srcf.co.uk.
      Julian Midgley has obtained srcf.info on our behalf</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We want to move to using srcf.net, and
      have srcf.co.uk, srcf.ucam.org and possibly srcf.info
      redirect to srcf.net.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Move to sub-domains</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>$CRSid.{me,user,users}.srcf.net and
      $SocName.{soc,socs,societies}.srcf.net</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Everyone wants sub-domains there are
      various technical and aesthetic reasons for this.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We can get wild-card SSL certificates
      from quakenet for free.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>There may be other companies that do
      free wild-card certificates...</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>The problem would be that if we commit
      to having 3 wild-card certificates forever. This could be
      quite expensive if we can't get them for free any more.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We could have *.srcf.net but there are
      issues with that.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Sysadmins don't want a wild-card
          DNS at *.srcf.net and so a large DNS zone would be
          required.</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>There is a good article on why
              this is so [<a href=
              "http://www.iab.org/documents/docs/2003-09-20-dns-wildcards.html">http://www.iab.org/documents/docs/2003-09-20-dns-wildcards.html</a>].</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>DPA issues (raised by the UCS) can
          (probably) be sorted with disallowing zone transfers</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Issues with caching the non
          existance of DNS records resulting in people not being
          able to access their site for several hours after signing
          up.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p><b>Action:</b> we will use
          srcf.net</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>This should happen over the
              summer.</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>Sysadmins should discuss and
              agree on how to do sub-domains soon (before the end
              of the Easter holiday).</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>SRCF CA PGP key</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>
      This is a plan of Daniel Thomas to create a SRCF CA
      (Certificate Authority) PGP key and store it on a medium not
      connected to anything, on an encrypted volume and preferably
      physically locked up.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>This would in turn trust a signing key
      which would be used to sign and trust the secretary and
      chairman's etc. PGP keys and the public SSH and SSL keys to
      provide a web of trust.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>There was not time to discuss this at
      the meeting.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Stash</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Their was discussion about this after
      the meeting and as the secretary was leaving, it involved
      trout, and possibly an ASCII art representation of the above
      SRCF CA PGP key</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p><br /></p>

  <p>Meeting closed at: 14:45</p>

  <p>(Though only the secretary left at this
  point (supervision), various things were discussed in an
  unofficial manner afterwards including stash and Apache.)</p>

  <p><br /></p>

  <h2>Actions arising</h2>

  <p>Committee:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Finish executing <a href=
      "http://www.srcf.retrosnub.co.uk/CommitteeHandoverProtocol">http://www.srcf.retrosnub.co.uk/CommitteeHandoverProtocol</a></p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>It should be noted that MoinMoin
          fails</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Sysadmins:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Discuss and agree on how to do
      sub-domains for users and societies - preferably before the
      end of the Easter holiday.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Switch to using srcf.net and per
      user/society subdomains over the summer</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Sort out logcheck</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>reduce the amount of spam it
          produces so that the mail it produces can actually be
          read.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Everyone:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Once a date has been selected for the
      SRCF dinner enquire with relevant colleges.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Malcolm:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Obtain disks and ensure the setup of
      the new servers occurs (&pound;280 has been allocated for
      disks).</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Book Trinity Hall for the SRCF Garden
      Party once a date has been selected.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Daniel:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Make a doodle to pick the date/time of
      the SRCF Garden Party</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Make a doodle to pick the date of the
      SRCF Dinner</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Han-Ley</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Contact MX Telecom about sponsorship of
      the SRCF Garden Party once a date has been selected</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Malte:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Finish obtaining the switch from Third
      Light we need it.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h2>Actions arising from previous
  meetings</h2>

  <p>Sysadmins:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Please could possible solutions to
      reducing the use of world readable permissions on user files
      be investigated.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Ian:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Inform the committee as to whether the
      CERT have been emailed and what their response (if any)
      is.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>
  
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->