<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of meeting of the SRCF Executive on Friday 14<sup>th</sup> May" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

  <p><em>Venue:</em> Trinity College Bar<br />
  <em>Time:</em> 20:00-21:45<br />
  <em>In attendance:</em> Han-Ley Tang (Chairman), Elliot Pace (Treasurer),
  Edward Tait (Publicity), Richard Whitehouse (Sysadmin), Daniel Thomas
  (Secretary)<br />
  <em>Minutes taken by:</em> Daniel Thomas (though only brief notes were
  taken at the meeting itself)</p>

  <p></p>

  <p>This meeting was called mainly for the purpose of drawing up a
  presentation to give to Bloomberg on 25<sup>th</sup> May. Elliot Pace
  (Committee) and Richard Whitehouse (Sysadmins) will be giving this
  presentation.</p>

  <p>The invitation to give this presentation was made in the following
  email:</p>

  <div style="font-size: 80%">
    <p>"<strong>From:</strong>HOKHIM POON, BLOOMBERG/ LONDON</p>

    <p><strong>Subject:</strong>Bloomberg L.P. - Societies Sponsorship
    Event</p>

    <p><strong>Date:</strong>23/04/10 14:15:37 (<em>23 Apr 2010 09:15:37
    -0400</em>)</p>

    <p><tt>Dear Society Committee,</tt><br />
    <br />
    <tt>I'm writing to you to inform you of an opportunity to secure a
    sponsorship of £2,000 for your society courtesy of Bloomberg L.P. Bloomberg
    is the world's leading provider of financial data, news and analytics. We
    are a global technology company, with over 130 offices all over the world.
    Our product, the Bloomberg Professional Service, is an essential tool
    across the whole of the financial services industry.</tt><br />
    <br />
    <tt>We are hosting a society event on 25 May 2010 in our London office.
    This event will be a chance for a select few technical societies to pitch
    for this year's £2,000 sponsorship. The day will be structured as the
    following:</tt><br />
    <br />
    <tt>2.00- Arrival</tt><br />
    <tt>2.00-2.30- Intro</tt><br />
    <tt>2.30-4.30- Presentations and Training session</tt><br />
    <br />
    <tt>Each society will have 15 minutes to present and answer questions in
    front of the panel of judges. The panel will be made up of software
    engineers and recruiters. Presentation should be a brief overview of the
    society, how your society would use the £2,000 (i.e. equipment, relevant
    trips, guest lectures, and reading materials), how Bloomberg can get
    involved in your society and how we can market our graduate positions to
    your university.</tt><br />
    <br />
    <tt>We are looking for 2 representatives your society to attend the event.
    Please let me know if your society is interested to attend, and if you have
    any questions regarding the event. Looking forward to your
    reply.</tt><br />
    <br />
    <tt>Kind regards,</tt><br />
    <tt>Hok-Him Poon</tt><br />
    <tt>News Research &amp; Development</tt><br />
    <tt>Bloomberg L.P.</tt><tt>"</tt></p>
  </div>

  <p>Han-Ley produced an initial draft which was emailed around. Various
  improvements were suggested and Han-Ley subsequently implemented them. [Note
  to future committees: the presentation files should be available in
  ~executive/events/].</p>

  <p>Han-Ley also produced a new logo for the presentation.</p>

  <p></p>

  <p>Stash was again discussed. There was discussion of what should go on the
  stash but again a decision was not reached. Daniel again mentioned the
  possibility of using the pubic key of a SRCF CA GPG key.</p>

  <p></p>

  <p>There was discussion about the Dinner, we have dates of Thursday
  17<sup>th</sup>, Friday 18<sup>th</sup>or Wednesday 9<sup>th</sup>. We need
  to hurry up and organise this.</p>

  <p>Action: Han-Ley to follow up with Trinity, Ed to contact Matthew Speller
  at Peterhouse.</p>

  <p></p>

  <p>There was discussion about the Garden Party, we probably want to hold it
  at Trinity Hall if possible and get MX Telecom to sponsor it if possible
  (they asked us if they could but they have since been bought). Again we are
  running rather late with this. Unfortunately Peterhouse is unsuitable due to
  silly rules which mean everything has to be bought from college. Han-Ley has
  investigated Trinity and unfortunately it looks like they will not do garden
  parties for University societies.</p>

  <p></p>

  <p>There was discussion about recent fail regarding improper use of accounts
  by societies.</p>

  <p>We unanimously passed a motion that in future if users violate the ToS in
  terms of using other peoples accounts/giving passwords to people outside the
  CUDN etc. they are to have their accounts suspended, actions investigated and
  then if there is no obvious malicious intent be told what a stupid thing they
  have done and be told to read the ToS and when they say that they have then
  they can have their accounts back.</p>

  <p></p>

  <p>We resolved to have a stall at the societies fair without electricity.</p>

  <p>Action: Daniel to organise stall.</p>

  <p>We resolved to spend £25-50 on promotional material for the fair.</p>

  <p>We resolved to have proper flyers organised well in advance. [Note: this
  means we need to organise the social well in advance].</p>

  <h2>Actions arising from this meeting</h2>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Han-Ley</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Finish the presentation and email it out for further comment.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Contact MX Telecom (or rather Amdocs / OpenMarket) in particular
          Neill Smith to see whether they are interested in sponsoring our
          garden party.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Ed to contact Matthew Speller regarding holding the dinner in
      Peterhouse</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Elliot to investigate societies funding.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Daniel to book stall for the societies fair with no electricity.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h2>Actions arising from previous meetings</h2>

  <p>Sysadmins:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Discuss and agree on how to do sub-domains for users and societies -
      preferably before the end of the Easter holiday.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Switch to using srcf.net and per user/society subdomains over the
      summer</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Everyone:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Once a date has been selected for the SRCF dinner enquire with
      relevant colleges.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Malcolm:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Book Trinity Hall for the SRCF Garden Party once a date has been
      selected.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Malte:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Finish obtaining the switch from Third Light we need it.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->