<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes  of SRCF committee meeting held 26th January 2010" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

<p>
  <em>Venue</em>: The Castle<br />
  <em>Time: </em>1800 - 2030<br />
  <em>In attendance:</em></p>
<ul>
  <li>Malte Schwarzkopf (ms705), Chairman</li>
  <li>Han-Ley Tang (hlt32), Secretary</li>
  <li>Daniel Thomas (drt24), Publicity  Officer</li>
  <li>Fergus Ross Ferrier (frf21),  Treasurer</li>
  <li>Malcolm Scott (mas90), Sysadmin</li>
</ul>
<h2>Minutes</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Servers from Taptu.
   <ul>
     <li>We are buying 5 servers (with an  option of a 6th) @ &pound;100 + 15% VAT each.</li>
     <li>We are waiting on a receipt from  Kristian (kg289) before payment.</li>
     <li>Malc (mas90) has offered to arrange  delivery and storage.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Plans for the 5 new servers.
   <ul>
     <li>Upgrade Cyclone (Remote Desktop  Service).</li>
     <li>Backup solution.</li>
     <li>Warm spare for pip.</li>
     <li>Dev box.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>We need disks for the new servers.
   <ul>
     <li>We have one spare 500GB disk.</li>
     <li>We will have budgeted a maximum of  &pound;280 for disks.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>
   An algorithm course run by Sean Lip  (szwl2) (<a href="http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/szwl2/algorithms/index.html">http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/szwl2/algorithms/index.html</a>)  has requested 6GB of disk space and web hosting.
   <ul>
     <li>We will host them on a trial basis.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Old servers.
   <ul>
     <li>We will check to see if Third Light approve  of us selling the old servers.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>We have been offered free Itanium  Servers.
   <ul>
     <li>We do not want them.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>AGM.
   <ul>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malc will attempt to book a  room at Tit Hall between 9th -12th March (inclusive).</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>New sysadmins.
   <ul>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to email Sysadmins  asking that they pick a date.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Updated FAQ.
   <ul>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Ask James for progress on how this is going.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Machine Room Tour.
   <ul>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Malte to email/phone rjd4 to  arrange this.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>World Readable Passwords.
   <ul>
     <li>They are a problem.</li>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to investigate a  solution.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>CUJO ToS Breach.
   <ul>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Committee to ask Sysadmin to  deal with this urgently.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Funding drive.
   <ul>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> We will go on a funding drive - Daniel (drt24) to send the email.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Quota increase.
   <ul>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmins to examine  possibility of increasing the user quota.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
  <li>We have srcf.net.
  <ul>
    <li>1&amp;1 are not to be trusted for  registering domains.
      <ul>
        <li>Han-Ley  (hlt32) registered srcf.net several hours before malc (mas90) but 1&amp;1  failed to register the domain.</li>
      </ul>
     </li>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Poll users to determine what  kind of url they would like.</li>
     <li><strong>Action:</strong> Sysadmin to discuss  implementation details.</li>
   </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
