<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of meeting of the SRCF Executive on Thursday 17<sup>th</sup> March 2011" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
  <p><strong>Date/Time:</strong> 2011-03-17 18:30-20:00</p>

  <p><strong>Venue:</strong> Kingston Arms</p>

  <p><strong>In Attendance:</strong> Daniel Thomas (drt24, Chairman), Charles
  Board (cvrb2, Secretary), Ed Tait (ewt23, Publicity), Ben Millwood (bm380,
  Treasurer, Sysadmin), Nicholas Tomlinson (nst25, Publicity), Richard
  Whitehouse (rjw201, Sysadmin)</p>

  <p>Total in Attendance: 6</p>

  <p>Minutes Taken by Charles Board</p>

  <h3>New Sysadmin:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>ahh29 - 3<sup>rd</sup> year was elected unanimously as sysadmin.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Quota:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Currently:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>500MB by default, more by approval from sysadmins and
          committee</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>We are technically overcommitted, however 300GB is allocated but
          not used.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>New:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Sysadmins email and approve for &lt;2GB (4x standard) personal or &lt; 4GB (8x standard)
          society accounts, without recourse to committee. 2GB limit for
          personal, because above that suggests they should probably have a
          society account.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Above this, refer to the committee.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Standard committee guidelines:</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>If reasonable request and they have no money, accept</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>If reasonable request and they have money, request money. If
              yes, or reasonable no, accept.</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>Be Nice.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>5 votes for, new policy adopted.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Terms of Service Violations, devoid of malice:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>If first offence, non-malicious, and they apologise, forgive them.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Else as normal.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Finances:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>£120 received from the sale of Cyclone</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Mandate form situation will be fixed by handing in temporary mandate
      form to tide us over, then obtain Bob Dowling's mandate form to fix
      everything.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Splitting up www. :</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Webserving will be moved to VM. This will probably occur around the
      start of Easter term.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Eventually everything will be VM based.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Stash:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Fleece with Logo on front, and with "Student Run Computing Facility,
      www.srcf.net" upon it.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Action (Ed): Find cost of fleece with embroidered logo.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Change to ToS:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Problem: Orphaned Societies that aren't:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Society admins graduate without assigning new admins before they
          do so.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>New Policy:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Sysadmins email former society sysadmins.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>If email bounces, remove old sysadmin.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>If no reply within two weeks, add new sysadmin.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Sale of Kit:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Cyclone sold for £120</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Malc has "sold" Alphaserver and Tape Robot for £1.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We wish to sell Locust as a "box containing parts, some of which
      work"</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Action (Daniel): Advertise Locust. If no-one wants it, Richard will
      take it.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Buying Kit:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>We are considering obtaining up to three racks from Andrew Moore, up
      to the discretion of the sysadmins.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>LAN Party:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>If Malc wishes to liaise with gaming society then SRCF will help.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Occasional Dinner:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Daniel will contact Peterhouse</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Malc/Charles will contact Trinity Hall</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Ben will contact Downing</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Nick will contact Robinson</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Roughly 20 people expected</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Either Friday (Garden Party Day) or the Thursday (Day Before).</p>
    </li>
  </ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->