<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of meeting of the SRCF Executive on Monday
  3<sup>rd</sup>October" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
  <p><strong>Date/Time:</strong> 2011-10-03 17:30-18:00</p>

  <p><strong>Location:</strong> Peterhouse</p>

  <p><strong>In Attendance:</strong> Daniel Thomas (drt24, Chairman), Charles
  Board (cvrb2, Secretary), Ben Millwood (bm380, Treasurer, Sysadmin), Ed Tait
  (ewt23, Publicity), Nicholas Tomlinson (nst25, Publicity).</p>

  <p>Total in Attendance: 5</p>

  <p>Minutes taken by: Charles Board</p>


  <h3>Fresher's Fair:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Flyers - Nick changed srcf.ucam.org to srcf.net on flyers. Ben will
      print them.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Signup Sheet: will contain columns for name, email and whether they
      have interest in being sysadmin or committee.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Stall is E4</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>On Tuesday the stall will be manned from 9:30 to 14:30 by Nick and Ed,
      whereupon they will be relieved by Daniel.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>On Wednesday the stall will be manned from 9:30 by Nick, from 11:00 by
      Ed, Charles from 12:00, and Daniel from 13:30.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h3>Welcome Social:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Trinity Hall, Friday 14<sup>th</sup>, 19:00-22:00</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>ACTION (Charles): Book room in Trinity Hall</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>The email alerting people about the Welcome Social should be combined
      with the email informing people of subdomains, so as not to bombard users
      with emails.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
      <p>ACTION (Daniel): Ensure that food and drink are obtained, enquire about sponsorship (probably too late).</p>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h3>Talks to CompScis:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Talk to IA Compscis will be given by Daniel and Nick on Thursday
      6<sup>th at 14:00</sup></p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>ACTION (Daniel): Email to confirm IA talk.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>ACTION (Daniel): Update presentation.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Talk to II Compscis will be given by Daniel on Thursday 6<sup>th</sup>
      at 10:00</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>ACTION (Daniel): Email David Greaves for permission for the talk.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h3>Acount Suspensions:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>There were two account suspensions over the summer.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>The committee decided to reinstate both accounts, after the users are
      sent another email.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
      <p>ACTION (Daniel): write these emails and after review send them.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h3>Treasury:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Internet Banking is now functioning.</p>
    </li>
    <li>
      <p>ACTION (Ben): add Daniel as a secondary user.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Stash:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>ACTION (Ed,Daniel): Send stash+other things email by 18:00 Monday 10<sup>th</sup>
      October.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->