<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of meeting of the SRCF Executive on Saturday 22<sup>nd</sup> January 2011" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
  <p><strong>Venue:</strong> Starbucks Market Square</p>

  <p><strong>Time:</strong> 2011-01-22 14:00 - 15:30</p>

  <p><strong>In Attendance:</strong> Daniel Thomas (drt24, Chairman), Charles
  Board (cvrb2, Secretary), Ed Tait (ewt23, Publicity), Richard Whitehouse
  (rjw201, Sysadmin), Malcolm Scott (mas90, Sysadmin)</p>

  <p>Minutes taken by Charles Board</p>


  <h3>AGM:</h3>

  <h4>Date:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Thursday 3<sup>rd</sup> February 18:30, Leslie Stephen Room, Trinity
      Hall</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h4>Committee:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Daniel Thomas will stand for Chairman</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Charles Board will stand for Secretary</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Action (Daniel):</strong> Talk to Nicholas Tomlinson about
      standing.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>



  <h3>Machine Room Tour:</h3>

  <h4>Date:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Monday 31<sup>st</sup> January 19:00</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Action (Daniel):</strong> Confirm this.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>



  <h3>Sysadmins:</h3>

  <h4>Status of Sysadmins:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Richard will be graduating.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Whilst this will not immediately result in too few sysadmins, more
      would be good.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Current sysadmins equivalent to about 4 fully active sysadmins.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Caroline no longer appears to have any interest in becoming a
      sysadmin.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Action:</strong> Find more sysadmins</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Action (Richard):</strong> Add clueful users.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Action (Daniel):</strong> Email Bill Collins and Nick Stenning
      to see if they wish to continue as sysadmins.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>



  <h4>Committee/Sysadmin Relations:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Sysadmins request to be bought shiny things.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h4>Server Crashes:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Subdomains turned off to reduce crashes</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Upgrading hardware will not work - No way of knowing how much extra
      memory would be required, even if that were a viable solution.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>There are two bugs, one of which is rare and one common, both will
      take out the system.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Malc is currently attempting a fix.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>



  <h4>Changes to Terms of Service:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Changes with respect to resurrecting orphaned societies.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Sysadmins would like a societies sudo script.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <p><strong>Action (Richard):</strong> IRC Daemon</p>



  <h3>Finances:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Exact status uncertain</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Motion:</strong> Daniel will take over the duties of Treasurer
      until the AGM.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Passed unanimously (Daniel abstained)</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Motion:</strong> Members of the committee to be given read
      access to the accounts.</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Passed unanimously</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Action (Daniel, Elliott):</strong> Update signatories, fix
      accounts.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>



  <h4>Status as registered society:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Currently unknown.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Will be resolved once accounts are fixed.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>



  <h3>Hardware:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>We wish to sell old hardware, in particular the Alpha Server, Tape
      Robot, Cyclone, Thunder, Locust.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Current location: Machine Room.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Value: Not much</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p><strong>Action (Daniel):</strong> Try and sell Cyclone/Thunder to
      Harry Cameron/someone else at ebay price. Put Locust on forums. Suggest
      to Tim Goh that he might like Alpha Server.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>



  <h3>Social Events:</h3>

  <h4>SRCF Formal Dinner:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Date (Provisional): Evening of Thursday 16<sup>th</sup> June</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Potential Venues: Peterhouse, Trinity Hall, Clare Hall</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h4>SRCF Garden Party:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Date (Provisional): Thursday 16<sup>th</sup> June</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Venue: Investigate Trinity Hall Fellows Garden.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h4>LAN Party:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Maybe in March</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Is there sufficient interest?</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->