<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of meeting of the SRCF Executive on Saturday 1<sup>st</sup> December 2012" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
<p><strong>Date/Time:</strong> 2012-12-01 12.20 - 13.36</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> The Castle, St. Andrews St., Cambridge</p>
<p><strong>In Attendance:</strong> Ben Millwood (Chair, Sysadmin), Amar Sood (tekacs, Secretary, Sysadmin), Charles Board (Junior Treasurer), Matthew Ireland (Publicity)</p>
<ul>
<li>Ratification of new sysadmins:
<ul>
<li>rk436 (Ramana Kumar)</li>
<li>djr61 (Daniel Richman)</li>
<li>hn276 (Hauke Neitzel)</li>
<li>amc96 (Andy Cooper, andyhhp)</li>
<li>The above sysadmins have had their meetings with members of the committee or sysadmins, with the exception of andyhhp.</li>
<li>On the basis of recommendations and said meetings and upon short discussion, all sysadmins unanimously approved.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Sysadmins): Set up anything remaining for new sysadmins.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Possible sysadmins:
<ul>
<li>Matthew notifies the committee that Edward Lilley (ejl44) may apply for sysadminship in the near future.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>User forkbomb attempt, Michaelmas 2012
<ul>
<li>A process executing in the manner of a forkbomb was determined to have been run on the account of Anand Srivastava (as2211) during Michaelmas 2012.</li>
<li>The process was terminated to preserve 'pip' and the account immediately suspended.</li>
<li>Possible involvement of another user was investigated and</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Committee): E-mail Anand to inform him that he may re-apply for an account in one year.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Committee): Ask sysadmins if it is possible to implement countermeasures against future exploitation of this behaviour.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>User Control Panel:
<ul>
<li>Modules at minimum to be included:
<ul>
<li>User information page</li>
<li>Ability to change user e-mail, password</li>
<li>Fix society permissions (details of a secure implementation TBD)</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Amar insists vehemently that any system built <em>must</em> be modular else the implementer may find themselves hunted.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Amar): Talk to 'Daniel's Thomas &amp; Richman about implementation.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>VM migration:
<ul>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Amar): Talk to malc about the current configuration and specific plans for the future of the VMs.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Support:
<ul>
<li>Amar suggests StackExchange-esque replacement for the support mailing list.</li>
<li>Committee agrees upon StackExchange-esque &gt; forum &gt; wiki as a replacement.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Amar): Look into possible replacements for current support system, with eventual aim to replace or supplement the support mailing list.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Cancelling membership:
<ul>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Committee): Need to determine if soc-srcf should be considered definitive - ask malc/DanielT.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Data Protection Act:
<ul>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Matthew): Write privacy policy to describe the SRCF's behaviour with regards user data.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Easier access to web logs:
<ul>
<li>Ben suggests that symlinks should be placed in users' homedirs to their new-style web logs.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Sysadmins): Consider implementation and if no objections, add symlinks to existing users' homedirs and add to setup scripts as required.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>UCS Machine Room tours:
<ul>
<li>These are at the start of term and should be booked for anyone who wishes to take part.</li>
<li>No-one seems to know the specifics, but Ben seems most likely candidate to make this happen.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Ben): Book machine room tours as appropriate.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Bob of the UCS:
<ul>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Ben, Charles): To meet Bob of the UCS.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>2012 graduates' account cancellation:
<ul>
<li>Contact was made with the UCS, who informed us that we should try to grab cancelled user data using the LDAP interface to lookup.</li>
<li>Tejas has kindly offered to make this happen so that Amar isn't assigned absolutely every action on these minutes (which Amar notes he will probably have to ask others to part-implement eventually).</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Tejas): Cancel 2012 graduates' accounts using LDAP lookup.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Annual Dinner:
<ul>
<li>We plan to do this at the end of this year.</li>
<li>Ben notes that this will almost certainly be after the AGM.</li>
<li>It is established that it is nonetheless our responsibility to perform much of the required planning.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Matthew): Find options for possible rooms.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Charles): Check if there is an appropriate venue at Trinity Hall.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Cyclone:
<ul>
<li>Amar notes that the UCS has 'upgraded' the MCS University-wide to use Unity.</li>
<li>Amar suggests that this makes moot earlier concerns about upgrading Cyclone due to Gnome 3 failing over NX.</li>
<li>Committee agrees that, providing a message is provided on post-upgrade login to explain how the desktop environment may be switched (and suitable environments are provided), Cyclone should be upgraded to 12.04.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Amar): Communicate to the sysadmins that the committee is happy for the upgrade of Cyclone to 12.04 to take place, given the above provisos.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>pip upgrade to 12.04:
<ul>
<li>The committee agrees that it would be a good idea to upgrade pip to 12.04, barring significant objections by the sysadmins.</li>
<li>This is considered to be of the highest priority and the plan is to do this during the upcoming holiday period.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Sysadmins): Upgrade pip to 12.04 during Christmas 2012/13.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Stash:
<ul>
<li>Matthew asks if anyone would be open to purchasing further stash.</li>
<li>Ben suggests T-shirts.</li>
<li>Ben, Amar -&gt; yes; Tejas -&gt; maybe; Charles -&gt; no</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Publicity:
<ul>
<li>Amar notes that support e-mails seem to have been reaching publicity [at] srcf [dot] net.</li>
<li>Action for this is identical to that mentioned above under 'Support'.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>UPS:
<ul>
<li>Do we <em>want</em> to purchase one? Not particularly.</li>
<li>Do we <em>need</em> to purchase one? Yes.</li>
<li>Costs ~Â£200, as of the time of writing.</li>
<li>We can afford to purchase it outright without issue.</li>
<li>Amar suggests poking friendly companies about it in case anyone is throwing them away, given our relatively low-assurance needs.</li>
<li>Matthew suggests asking the UCS, too.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Matthew): Ask the UCS about spare/outdated UPSs.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Amar): Ask Third Light about spare/outdated UPSs.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Ben): Get in touch with the... Geography Department? [unless I'm reading my writing incorrectly]</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Committee): Failing successful acquisition from company, liase with sysadmins and purchase UPS.</li>
<li>Caveat: Herein UPS may refer either to the article itself or a battery pack to serve a similar purpose.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Money:
<ul>
<li>Matthew suggests that a savings account be used for society money to generate return.</li>
<li>Agreed that this should not be done as the overhead and choices required outweigh the relatively small gain.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>URLs on Donors page:
<ul>
<li>Recent submissions to the Donors page have been made with advertisement as the sole and clear intent.</li>
<li>Agreed to add a message to the effect that the links are provided as a courtesy and may be removed.</li>
<li>In the future may actually stop posting links on the Donors page, but left alone for now.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong>(Commmittee): Add a message to the Donors page to indicate that links may be removed at any time.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Finished @ 13.36</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="actions-arising">Actions arising:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Committee:
<ul>
<li>E-mail Anand to inform him that he may re-apply for an account in one year.</li>
<li>Ask sysadmins if it is possible to implement countermeasures against future exploitation of this behaviour.</li>
<li>Need to determine if soc-srcf should be considered definitive - ask malc/DanielT.</li>
<li>Failing successful acquisition from company, liase with sysadmins and purchase UPS.</li>
<li>Add a message to the Donors page to indicate that links may be removed at any time.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Sysadmins:
<ul>
<li>Set up anything remaining for new sysadmins.</li>
<li>Consider implementation and if no objections, add symlinks to existing users' homedirs and add to setup scripts as required.</li>
<li>Upgrade pip to 12.04 during Christmas 2012/13.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Amar:
<ul>
<li>Talk to 'Daniel's Thomas &amp; Richman about implementation.</li>
<li>Talk to malc about the current configuration and specific plans for the future of the VMs.</li>
<li>Look into possible replacements for current support system, with eventual aim to replace or supplement the support mailing list.</li>
<li>Communicate to the sysadmins that the committee is happy for the upgrade of Cyclone to 12.04 to take place, given the above provisos.</li>
<li>Ask Third Light about spare/outdated UPSs.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Matthew:
<ul>
<li>Write privacy policy to describe the SRCF's behaviour with regards user data.</li>
<li>Find options for possible rooms.</li>
<li>Ask the UCS about spare/outdated UPSs.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Tejas: Cancel 2012 graduates' accounts using LDAP lookup.</li>
<li>Ben:
<ul>
<li>Book machine room tours as appropriate.</li>
<li>Get in touch with the... Geography Department? [unless I'm reading my writing incorrectly]</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Charles:
<ul>
<li>Check if there is an appropriate venue at Trinity Hall.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Ben, Charles:
<ul>
<li>To meet Bob of the UCS.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->