<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of meeting of the SRCF Executive on Friday 3<sup>rd</sup> March 2012" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
  <p><strong>Date/Time:</strong> 2012-03-16 18:00-19:20</p>

  <p><strong>Location:</strong> Mitre, Bridge Street</p>

  <p><strong>In Attendance:</strong> Ben Millwood (Chair), Daniel Thomas
  (Sysadmin), Amar Sood (tekacs, Secretary), Charles Board (Junior Treasuer),
  Malcolm (Sysadmin)</p>

  <ul>
    <li>Decisions on LK306, JG365 (see mailing lists)

      <ul>
        <li>Don't use the SRCF for tunnelling use the UCS's VPN or the PWF</li>

        <li>LK306: Apologise for forgetting to handle this, reset password, ...
        (tunnelling attempt)</li>

        <li>JG365: 'Spartacus' database person - suspend till next academic
        year, send e-mail to indicate they may re-apply then.</li>

        <li><strong>Action</strong>(Ben): do this.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>Handover:

      <ul>
        <li>Ben awaiting mandate form for forward handover.</li>

        <li>Treasurer handover (folder &amp; cheque) begun.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>A Malcolm appeared!</li>

    <li>Sunoo

      <ul>
        <li>Must maintain separation of SRCF &amp; CUCaTS</li>

        <li>SRCF have historically run CUCaTS-like events but not been that
        good at it - not our main focus.</li>

        <li>Working together proposed - both societies on level with one
        another.</li>

        <li><strong>Action</strong>(Ben): initiate contact by e-mail.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>Annual dinner

      <ul>
        <li>~£40 / head</li>

        <li>Invite Alumni</li>

        <li>Leslie Stephen Room, for example.</li>

        <li>NOT a standard formal (custom everything)</li>

        <li><strong>Action</strong>(Ben): Book.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>Garden Party

      <ul>
        <li>Week before May Week (avoid others' bookings &amp; sched.) on the
        Thursday or Friday</li>

        <li>OpenMarket are sponsoring (~£200)</li>

        <li>We may be able to get them to increase sponsorship further.</li>

        <li><strong>Action</strong>(Ben): Book Garden party, Email Open
        Market.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>New Hardware

      <ul>
        <li>Dominic Benson (offered to sponsor upgrades)</li>

        <li>Aim to move all off Pip.</li>

        <li>Upgrade Pip rather than new machines?</li>

        <li>Give VMs (XenServer) on Pip to all who would like it?</li>

        <li>Need to move inventory to sysadmin space from accounts.</li>

        <li>Small VM service to start with.</li>

        <li>Free for first few, paid if high demand.</li>

        <li>No disk purchases for as long as possible as prices currently
        high.</li>

        <li><strong>Action</strong>(Malcolm): Contact Dominic with regards more
        RAM, etc..., to upgrade Pip after checking.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>Daniel ratified as sysadmin, unanimously.</li>

    <li>Staffing

      <ul>
        <li>andyhhp offers to join in (works at Citrix, graduated 2 years
        ago)</li>

        <li>Will contact those form AGM who offered</li>

        <li>Potentially contact timgoh0</li>

        <li>In favour of andyhhp as sysadmin.</li>

        <li>Some who have offered include Will Sonnex.</li>

        <li>Being delegated to sysadmins, in general.</li>

        <li>Daniel may forward on further contact details</li>

        <li><strong>Action</strong>(Sysadmins): meet these people and organise
        making them sysadmins.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>Support list - Public webservice:

      <ul>
        <li>Mailing lists at present - no-one reads them.</li>

        <li>StackOverflow proposed by Amar - to replace FAQ &amp; support list
        (or forum if required &amp; no alternative)</li>

        <li>Daniel suggests support list checkbox on sign-up page.</li>

        <li>Support list joining not to be publicised.</li>

        <li><strong>Action</strong>(Sysadmins): install a StackOverflow alike
        to replace our FAQ.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>Grad. Union

      <ul>
        <li>Would like to move new hardware into Grad. Union (Mill Lane) for
        low bandwidth services (bandwidth not subsidised by GU)

          <ul>
            <li>This would be backup, IRC, round robin alternates, etc...)</li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>Grad. Union have long hosted CUSU server believing it was
        SRCF.</li>

        <li>Have explained situation now, so they might host
        <strong>actual</strong> SRCF server?</li>

        <li><strong>Action</strong>(Malcolm): Investigate this</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>New SRCF stash e-mail to be sent out.</li>
  </ul>

  <h2>Actions arising</h2>

  <ul>
    <li>Ben Millwood

      <ul>
        <li>Email lk306, jg365 about their accounts.</li>

        <li>Email CUCaTS about future cooperation</li>

        <li>Book Garden Pary</li>

        <li>Book Dinner</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>Malcolm Scott

      <ul>
        <li>Contact Dominic about upgrades</li>

        <li>Investigate Grad Union server</li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>Sysadmins

      <ul>
        <li>Organise getting new sysadmins</li>

        <li>Install a StackOverflow alike to replace our FAQ.</li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <p>Finished @ 19.20</p>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
