<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF executive meeting, 17th January 2014" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

<p>The meeting was held on Friday 17th January 2014, between 7:30pm and 10pm, at The Castle, Castle St, Cambridge.</p>

<p>In Attendance:</p>

<ul>
<li>Matthew Ireland (Chair, <code>mti20</code>)</li>
<li>Daniel Richman (Secretary, Sysadmin, <code>djr61</code>)</li>
<li>Charles Board (Junior Treasurer, <code>cvrb2</code>)</li>
<li>Malcolm Scott (Sysadmin, <code>mas90</code>)</li>
<li>Andrew Cooper (Sysadmin, <code>amc96</code>)</li>
<li>Michael Hsu (Sysadmin, <code>mh701</code>)</li>
<li>Amar Sood (Publicity Officer, Sysadmin, <code>as2193</code>)</li>
<li>Mark Chonofsky (New sysadmin, <code>mc711</code>)</li>
<li>Joseph Joyce (New sysadmin, <code>jj379</code>)</li>
<li>Souradip Mookerjee (New sysadmin, <code>sm2030</code>)</li>
<li>Daniel Low (New sysadmin, <code>twdl3</code>)</li>
</ul>

<p>Apologies for Absence:</p>

<ul>
<li>Tejas Guruswamy (Sysadmin, <code>tg307</code>)</li>
<li>Andrew Ryrie (Sysadmin, <code>amr66</code>)</li>
<li>Daniel Thomas (Sysadmin, <code>drt24</code>)</li>
</ul>

<p>Before the meeting, members of the current sysadmin team met potential new sysadmins Mark Chonofsky, Joseph Joyce, Souradip Mookerjee, Daniel Low to chat to them about what we do and discuss whether to invite them to join the team. Actual decisions were part of the meeting and are therefore minuted below.</p>

<h2>Matters arising from previous meeting:</h2>

<p>The Minutes of the previous meeting were approved.</p>

<p>Actions assigned to “executive” (sysadmins and committee):</p>

<ul>
<li>Provision of VM(/other services) to CUER.
<ul>
<li>We persuaded them that they didn’t need a full VM, and have instead increased their quota to 50GB. They are using all but a few kilobytes of it.</li>
<li>They have donated to our hard drive funds.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Daniel): Email CUER to see if they’re happy.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Email inactive sysadmins and ask them if they would like help in order to get started with common sysadmin tasks.</li>
<li>Think about creating a test environment and plan a migration strategy.</li>
</ul>

<p>Andrew C’s Actions:</p>

<ul>
<li>Go through opt-out emails, attempt to identify why they left, update <code>/societies/sysadmins/ex-members.txt</code> as appropriate.
<ul>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Andrew C): ^^</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

<p>Malcolm’s Actions:</p>

<ul>
<li>Give Matthew the list of societies that should be mailed about migrating their websites to <code>srcf.net</code>: Done.</li>
</ul>

<p>Matthew’s Actions:</p>

<ul>
<li>Use the list above.
<ul>
<li>The deadline was moved to the 1st July since we are yet to warn users.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Matthew): Notify societies about the impending deadline after which society websites will be forcefully migrated.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

<p>Richard’s Actions:</p>

<ul>
<li>Add symlinks to logs in users’/societies’ home directories.</li>
<li>Talk to Andrew R about the progress he’s made on the control panel.
<ul>
<li>See “Control Panel” below.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

<p>News server: <em>Does this work? If not, do we fix it or officially remove support?</em></p>

<ul>
<li>Andrew suspects only one or two people use it, of which he is one.</li>
<li>Reading works, but posting doesn’t. Googling doesn’t provide an easy fix.</li>
<li>We have no reason to retire it. It takes up barely any capacity of which we have lots.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Souradip &amp; Andrew C): Try and make it work (fully).</li>
</ul>

<h2>Exceptional Items</h2>

<p>Sysadmin ratification</p>

<ul>
<li>Mark Chonofsky, Joseph Joyce, Souradip Mookerjee and Daniel Low were welcomed to the team.</li>
<li>Ramana Kumar let us know that he hasn’t had the time to spend on the team, and so would like to leave. His admin account has been deactivated.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Matthew): Thank any retiring sysadmins, and contact any inactive sysadmins to see if they would like any information or help getting started.</li>
</ul>

<p>Dinner</p>

<ul>
<li>The Dinner was a success.</li>
<li>A summary of the dinner’s finances was circulated by Charles. After chasing up payments from one or two people (pending) we will have made a slight loss, but of an acceptable magnitude.</li>
<li>The committee and sysadmins continue to be most grateful to Third Light for enabling such a successful celebration of the 15<sup>th</sup> anniversary of the SRCF to take place: their support made the dinner accessible to our undergraduate members.</li>
<li>Third light has asked us mention their sponsorship in our message of the day.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Sysadmins): Set an appropriate MOTD.</li>
<li>Whilst at the dinner, Dominic Benson very kindly and generously bought a 4TB enterprise disk for use in <code>pip</code>.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Matthew): Determine if this was a personal donation from Dominic, or a donation from ThirdLight.</li>
</ul>

<p>Annual General Meeting date &amp; venue:</p>

<ul>
<li><p>Date:</p>

<ul>
<li>Amar pointed out that we should avoid the CS group project deadlines.</li>
<li>Thursday 13 February at 19:00 was proposed, and accepted without objection.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Matthew): Announce the AGM.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Venue:</p>

<ul>
<li>We’d like wired Ethernet for the livestream.</li>
<li>Daniel proposed Selwyn, as he believes hiring rooms is free, and they have wired Ethernet.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Daniel): Investigate booking a room.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Daniel): Coordinate with Malcolm as to whether the wired Internet at Selwyn will be sufficient to livestream the AGM (UDP etc.).</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

<p>Quota policy on the internal wiki:</p>

<ul>
<li>The current quota policy on the internal wiki does not match the de-facto policy currently implemented by the sysadmins.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Executive): Make the documentation reflect reality.</li>
</ul>

<p>Hard drives</p>

<ul>
<li>Current status:
<ul>
<li>(see “Proposed Strategy” in the minutes of the meeting on <a href="2013-10-11/">11th October</a>)</li>
<li><code>pip</code> has 3 × 500GB hard drives, and one “very nice” (~£260) 4TB enterprise (faster, more reliable, better / 5 year warranty) disk, donated at the Dinner (above).
For reference, a desktop 4TB drive is £125; a slightly lower-end enterprise drive is ~£200.</li>
<li>The plan is to replace the 500GB disks as they fail until we have a full set of 4TB disks and can enlarge the RAID.</li>
<li>We cannot have any new large quotas until we enlarge the RAID.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Finances:
<ul>
<li>It was noted that the transition will be spread over “3 years or so”, and that the cost of disks is spread over the length of their warranty (5 years, for the disks we were considering).</li>
<li>We could do a donation drive (this would have to be the next committee)—it has been done before and has worked when we did it, though we try not to do it too often.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>CUSU:
<ul>
<li>... owes us a disk—we need to investigate whether they are happy to contribute towards a better disk (~£50), or are only willing to give us an equivalent disk back.</li>
<li>... may be interested in our one 500GB spare that would otherwise go to waste.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Misc:
<ul>
<li>In an emergency we can go to RAID 1 (from RAID 10) by buying one more 4TB disk. We’d then be sorted for 5 years, though with worse performance.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Malcolm): Try and predict when our disks will fail.</li>
<li>It was decided that since we are hoping to get some disk-related income soon, we could afford the more expensive enterprise disk.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Malcolm): Advise Charles on what to buy.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Charles): Buy one 4TB disk (of the aforementioned “very nice” variety), as a spare for when the next disk fails, and have it shipped to Malcolm.</li>
</ul>

<p>Donors page</p>

<ul>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Charles): Give a list of donors to a member of executive able to update the donations page (before the AGM).</li>
</ul>

<p>Pip failure contingency</p>

<ul>
<li>Scenario 1: Apocalyptic hard drive failure: it was estimated that we would be offline for a day or two.</li>
<li>Scenario 2: Hard drives intact, pip hardware unusable (mobo/cpu/ram dead) - we can probably scrounge together enough it to make a makeshift solution in a day.</li>
<li>Note: <code>pip</code> was bought in 2006, Core 2 Xeon, “Quite old”</li>
</ul>

<h2>Any Other Business</h2>

<p>Control Panel</p>

<ul>
<li>Andrew R has created a control panel that automates the process of submitting requests to <code>sysadmins@srcf.net</code>.</li>
<li>He wants to change some things before it goes live.</li>
</ul>

<p>Shared mailbox password</p>

<ul>
<li>Concern was raised over the fact that the shared mailbox password has not been changed recently. Graduated and retired sysadmins are therefore still be able to access the mailbox.</li>
<li>It was decided that it should be changed periodically.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Sysadmins): Change the password to the shared mailbox on the 1<sup>st</sup> October each year.</li>
<li>Matthew requested that the password changing be automated, if practical.</li>
</ul>

<p>Hack Day</p>

<ul>
<li>A hack day was proposed to clear the backlog of things-we’d-really-like-to-do (control panel, CGI, web desktop, general housekeeping).</li>
<li>It will be immediately after term finishes.</li>
<li>Venue: Malcolm has offered his house; we want plenty of tables.</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Sysadmins): Pick a date, arrange a venue.</li>
</ul>

<p>Miscellaneous</p>

<ul>
<li>The UCS are intending to mention our anniversary in their news.</li>
<li>Matthew brought 5 printed copies of the photo taken at the dinner to the meeting, and distributed them.</li>
<li>Hydra: the project is on hold, due to lack of time (and <code>valgrind</code> being quite unhappy).</li>
<li><strong>Action</strong> (Sysadmins): Buy <code>srcf.uk</code> when Nominet open registrations for second-level domains.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Actions Summary</h2>

<ul>
<li>Andrew C
<ul>
<li>Go through opt-out emails, attempt to identify why they left, update <code>/societies/sysadmins/ex-members.txt</code> as appropriate.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Charles
<ul>
<li>Buy one 4TB disk (of the “very nice” variety—see above), as a spare for when the next disk fails, and have it shipped to Malcolm.</li>
<li>Give a list of donors to a member of executive able to update the donations page (before the AGM).</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Daniel
<ul>
<li>Investigate booking a room for the AGM.</li>
<li>Coordinate with Malcolm as to whether the wired Internet at Selwyn will be sufficient to livestream the AGM (UDP etc.).</li>
<li>Email CUER to see if they’re happy.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Malcolm
<ul>
<li>Advise Charles on what which hard disk to buy (see Charles’ actions)</li>
<li>Try and predict when our disks will fail.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Matthew
<ul>
<li>Announce the AGM.</li>
<li>Determine if the hard drive donated at the dinner was a personal donation from Dominic, or a donation from ThirdLight.</li>
<li>Notify societies about the impending deadline after which society websites will be forcefully migrated.</li>
<li>Thank any retiring sysadmins, and contact any inactive sysadmins to see if they would like any information or help getting started.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Souradip &amp; Andrew C
<ul>
<li>Try and make the news server work (fully).</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Executive
<ul>
<li>Make the quota documentation on the internal wiki reflect reality.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Sysadmins
<ul>
<li>Buy <code>srcf.uk</code> when Nominet open registrations for second-level domains.</li>
<li>Change the password to the shared mailbox on the 1<sup>st</sup> October each year.</li>
<li>Pick a date for the hack day and arrange a venue.</li>
<li>Set an appropriate MOTD in response to Third Light’s request..</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
