<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF executive meeting, 8th December 2016" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

<p>The meeting was held on Thursday 8<sup>th</sup> December 2016, between 6:30pm and 7:50pm, at The Castle Inn, Cambridge.</p>

<p>In Attendance:</p>

<ul>
  <li>Charles Board (Chair, Sysadmin, <code>cvrb2</code>)</li>
  <li>Souradip Mookerjee (Secretary, Sysadmin, <code>sm2030</code>)</li>
  <li>Tejas Guruswamy (Sysadmin, <code>tg307</code>)</li>
  <li>Malcom Scott (Sysadmin, <code>mas90</code>)</li>
  <li>Ping Liang Tan (Sysadmin, <code>plt28</code>)</li>
  <li>Andrew Cooper (Sysadmin, <code>amc96</code>)</li>
</ul>

<h2>Exceptional Items</h2>

<p>Stash</p>

<ul>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Tejas (<code>tg307</code>) to continue preserving stash notes</li>
</ul>

<p>Society Dinner</p>
<ul>
  <li>Charles has contacted Trinity Hall about dinner. 11th March proposed. Has not yet signed contract, awaiting approval from committee.</li>
  <li>Would be a good idea to check if people can actually come to this date.</li>
  <li>Cost is £38.00+VAT for 3 course meal with coffee. + Wine charged by bottle.</li>
  <li>Last time we charged £35, or £40 with wine.</li>
  <li>Approach ThirdLight for sponsoring the dinner? Or Andrew Cooper?</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Charles (<code>cvrb2</code>): Committee Dinner. To send out a save the date email soon.</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Tejas (<code>tg307</code>): Collate list of people to email. (Past committee, sysadmins, sysadmins-interested, UIS people we like [Bob Dowling, Tony Finch] - check forwarding rules on pip)</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> (Unassigned): Inform Trinity Hall that we are the *Student-run computing facility* and not the *CU Computing Facility Society*.</li>
</ul>

<p>Sysadmins report and hack day</p>
<ul>
  <li>Successful recent hack day, with new sysadmins recruited.</li>
  <li>Three new people, three old people came along to the hackday. Now need to have another hackday.</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Dexter Chua (volunteered in absentia, <code>dec41</code>): To email people around to organise the next hackday and encourage them to come onto IRC.</li>
  <li>Malcolm has set up an apache2.4 (+php7) version of pip on a newer version of Ubuntu. We should test this a bit more before making it live pip!</li>
</ul>

<p>Treasurers report</p>
<ul>
  <li>Bob wants us to use the Official Proctors' form.</li>
  <li>We have made a small profit, but not very much. Malcolm suggests increasing deposit account, aiming for at least double of what we have in case we need to replace pip in event of an emergency.</li>
  <li><strong>Query</strong>: Use society dinner as an opportunity for fundraising for the disaster fund? </li>
</ul>

<p>Machine room tour</p>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Machine room tour – ask Bob or other related parties about when this might be possible?</li>
</ul>

<h2>Actions Summary</h2>

<p>Tejas (<code>tg307</code>)</p>
<ul>
  <li>To continue preserving stash notes</li>
  <li>Collate list of people to email. (Past committee, sysadmins, sysadmins-interested, UIS people we like [Bob Dowling, Tony Finch] - check forwarding rules on pip)</li>
</ul>

<p>Charles (<code>cvrb2</code>)</p>
<ul>
  <li>Committee Dinner. To send out a save the date email soon.</li>
</ul>

<p>Dexter (<code>dec41</code>)</p>
<ul>
  <li>To email people around to organise the next hackday and encourage them to come onto IRC.</li>
</ul>

<p>General</p>
<ul>
  <li>Machine room tour – ask Bob or other related parties about when this might be possible?</li>
</ul>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
