<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF executive meeting, 19th January 2016" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

<p>The meeting was held on Tuesday 19<sup>th</sup> January 2016, between 4:20pm and 4:57pm, at The Eagle, Cambridge.</p>

<p>In Attendance:</p>

<ul>
  <li>Souradip Mookerjee (Chair, Sysadmin, <code>sm2030</code>)</li>
  <li>Tejas Guruswamy (Publicity, Sysadmin, <code>tg307</code>)</li>
  <li>Dexter Chua (Secretary, Sysadmin, <code>dec41</code>)</li>
  <li>Lev Livnev (Junior Treasurer, Sysadmin, <code>ll461</code>)</li>
  <li>Charles Board (Co-opted, <code>cvrb2</code>)</li>
</ul>

<h2>Exceptional Items</h2>

<p>Garden party sponsorship</p>

<ul>
  <li>We have not yet received the sponsorship money from OpenMarket for the 2015 Garden Party</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Lev: Email OpenMarket again to ask for money</li>
  <li>If OpenMarket is not helpful, we might need to find a new sponsor for the 2016 Garden Party</li>
</ul>

<ul>
  <li>Tour of the new data center does not seem possible</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Sysadmins: Investigate possibility of a tour of the current SRCF machine room</li>
</ul>

<p>Stash</p>
<ul>
  <li>We should have stash</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Souradip: Design the stash</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Tejas: Order the stash after design is decided</li>
</ul>

<p>Update inventory page on wiki</p>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Sysadmins: Update the inventory page on the wiki</li>
</ul>

<p>AGM</p>
<ul>
  <li>We should AGM by the end of Lent term</li>
  <li>We should attempt to recruit freshers into the committee</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Souradip: Create a non-doodle poll to see what date people prefer</li>
</ul>

<p>Linux workshop</p>
<ul>
  <li>We can organize some linux workshops to teach people about linux, since some people seemed to be interested during Freshers' fair</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Tejas: Plan and organize Linux workshop</li>
</ul>

<p>ToS violation of mn448</p>
<ul>
  <li>The account of mn448 has been suspended since 2nd December 2015 for probing into sysadmins' home directories</li>
  <li>The committee believes a month-long suspension is sufficient, and mn448's account should be restored</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Sysadmins: Restore the account of mn448 and remind him to abide by the TOS</li>
</ul>

<p>ToS update</p>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Sysadmins: the terms of service should be updated to reflect the current account cancellation policy</li>
</ul>

<p>More hackdays</p>
<ul>
  <li>More hackdays should be organized this term, and the previous interested sysadmins should be invited</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Dexter: Organize a hackday</li>
</ul>

<p>Garden Party 2016</p>
<ul>
  <li>We shall attempt to hold the next garden party at Trinity Hall Fellow's Garden</li>
  <li>We need to keep an eye on emails about the booking deadline</li>
  <li>Charles will be in charge of the booking if he is still on the committee next year</li>
</ul>

<h2>Actions Summary</h2>


<p>Sysadmins</p>
<ul>
  <li>Investigate possibility of a tour of the current SRCF machine room</li>
  <li>Update the inventory page on the wiki</li>
  <li>Restore the account of mn448 and remind him to abide by the TOS</li>
  <li>The terms of service should be updated to reflect the current account cancellation policy</li>
</ul>

<p>Souradip</p>
<ul>
  <li>Design the stash</li>
  <li>Create a non-doodle poll to see what date people prefer</li>
</ul>

<p>Tejas</p>
<ul>
  <li>Order the stash after design is decided</li>
  <li>Plan and organize Linux workshop</li>
</ul>

<p>Lev</p>
<ul>
  <li>Email OpenMarket again to ask for money</li>
</ul>


<p>Dexter</p>
<ul>
  <li>Organize a hackday</li>
</ul>


<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
