<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF executive meeting, 9th May 2016" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>

<p>The meeting was held on Monday 9<sup>th</sup> May 2016, between 6:20pm and 7:50pm, at The Castle Inn, Cambridge.</p>

<p>In Attendance:</p>

<ul>
  <li>Charles Board (Chair, Sysadmin, <code>cvrb2</code>)</li>
  <li>Souradip Mookerjee (Secretary, Sysadmin, <code>sm2030</code>)</li>
  <li>Tejas Guruswamy (Sysadmin, <code>tg307</code>)</li>
  <li>Malcom Scott (Sysadmin, <code>mas90</code>)</li>
  <li>Lev Livnev (Sysadmin, <code>ll461</code>)</li>
  <li>Ping Liang Tan (Sysadmin, <code>plt28</code>)</li>
  <li>Raf Czlonka (Sysadmin, <code>rc516</code>)</li>
</ul>

<h2>Exceptional Items</h2>

<p>Garden party</p>

<ul>
  <li><code>cvrb2</code> has submitted a request for the Trinity Hall Fellows Garden on 17<sup>th</sup> June 2016 from 2-5pm, won't hear back until the 20<sup>th</sup> May.</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Souradip: Email OpenMarket for sponsorship</li>
  <li>If OpenMarket is not helpful, we might need to use the money left over from accounts after getting malc his disks (or think about how much pizza we can have)</li>
</ul>

<p>Handover</p>
<ul>
  <li>Emails work, authorisations work</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Tejas: Negotiate with Dexter about whiskey and things</li>
</ul>

<p>Email deletion request</p>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Sysadmins: Get Bob to clarify with tackling an issue regarding to a takedown request.</li>
<li>Removed all mentions of <code>[redacted]</code></li>
</ul>

<p>Emails</p>
<ul>
  <li>We anticipate a large increase in email provision.</li>
  <li>We should modernise our email services.</li>
  <li>Replace mbox files with separate mail store box in modern format that scales well and searchable. Let users know in advance (very few people using it). </li>
  <li>Also, newsgroups - who should manage ucam.*? We just need to reply in a carefully worded way.</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Sysadmins should plan this.</li>
</ul>

<p>Grapeshot servers</p>
<ul>
  <li>Happy with CamFM taking these servers, since we are not.</li>
</ul>

<p>Fundraising</p>
<ul>
  <li>Send reminder asking for donations</li>
  <li>Do not want to get into a position where we sell links on the website</li>
  <li>Bitcoin donation address?</li>
  <li>Do not want to put out bank details but will give out upon request.</li>
  <li>Do not want to put it behind raven in fear of blocking out donations.</li>
  <li>Tell HSBC not to accept direct debits for our accounts.</li>
</ul>

<p>Disks for alto</p>
<ul>
  <li>Approved for malc.</li>
  <li>Committee to bear in mind that donated servers may require more expensive disks, as we accept commitment to maintaining said servers.</li>
  <li>We might want a spare RAID card for emergencies (otherwise we will get about a week of downtime, ebay shows they are in the US).</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Sysadmins: Revisit this at a later meeting</li>
</ul>

<p>Are any servers/hardware in danger of exploding?</p>
<ul>
  <li>Spares in xen server pool - of one, failed but still on rack, other four still there</li>
  <li>If we get any spare cpu nodes, will throw them out</li>
</ul>

<p>Linux workshop</p>
<ul>
  <li>We can organize some linux workshops to teach people about linux, since some people seemed to be interested during Freshers' fair</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Tejas: Plan and organize Linux workshop</li>
</ul>

<p>ToS update</p>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Sysadmins: the terms of service should be updated to reflect the current account cancellation policy</li>
</ul>

<p>More hackdays</p>
<ul>
  <li>More hackdays should be organized this term, and the previous interested sysadmins should be invited</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Organize a hackday</li>
  <li>Email as a hackday project?</li>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> SRCF Post-exams Data centre IRL FPS game?</li>
</ul>

<p>Another dinner</p>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> External dinner at some point, perhaps near November. Give people a few months notice.</li>
</ul>

<p>Inventories and emergency plans</p>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Action</strong> Make list of things we would buy if everything died all at once and appropriate costs to replace pip.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Actions Summary</h2>


<p>Sysadmins</p>
<ul>
  <li>Get Bob to clarify with tackling an issue regarding to a takedown request.</li>
  <li>Email server upgrades</li>
  <li>Plan spare RAID card</li>
  <li>Make list of things to buy in case of extreme emergencies</li>
  <li>the terms of service should be updated to reflect the current account cancellation policy</li>
</ul>

<p>Souradip</p>
<ul>
  <li>Design the stash</li>
  <li>Email OpenMarket for sponsorship</li>
</ul>

<p>Tejas</p>
<ul>
  <li>Order the stash after design is decided</li>
  <li>Plan and organize Linux workshop</li>
</ul>

<p>General</p>
<ul>
  <li>Organize a hackday</li>
  <li>SRCF Post-exams Data centre IRL FPS game?</li>
  <li>External dinner at some point, perhaps near November. Give people a few months notice.</li>
  <li>Make list of things we would buy if everything died all at once and appropriate costs to replace pip.</li>

</ul>


<p>Dexter</p>
<ul>
  <li>Organize a hackday</li>
</ul>


<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
