<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->

<h1>Minutes of SRCF Annual General Meeting held 15th March 2007</h1>

<p><b>Venue:</b> Lloyd Room, Christ's College</p>

<p><b>In attendance:</b></p>

<ul>
<li>Teresa Dennis, chairperson</li>
<li>Luke Norman, secretary</li>
<li>Haibo E, treasurer</li>
<li>Malcom Scott</li>
<li>Kristian Glass</li>
<li>Martin Keegan</li>
<li>Joseph Myers</li>
</ul>

<p><b>Minutes</b></p>

<ol>

<li>President's Report:
<ul>
<li>This year has been successful.</li>
<li>MX Telecom sponsored the garden party &ndash; this was a success and not
intrusive.</li>
<li>Rejoined the societies syndicate and procured a large grant of £1,500</li>
<li>New server has been bought, is up and running.</li>
<li>Online banking has been set up.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Treasurer's Report:
<ul>
<li>PayPal has been set up, have received £400 in donations.</li>
<li>Main outlay for the year was the new server.</li>
<li>We need to get insurance.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Sysadmins' Report:
<ul>
<li>New server in place, we have moved to Ubuntu as it has newer software
and more frequent updates.</li>
<li>We now have 2500 users, mostly using the service for mailing lists and
hosting.</li>
<li>Sysadmins would like <tt>kern</tt> as a backup server with new disks,
need money for this</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>CUCS Money:
<ul>
<li>Need both signatories from CUCS, we should hear back soon regarding this.</li>
<li>Money could go towards insurance or a backup server.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>CUSU Office Move:
<ul>
<li>Should happen in May or June &ndash; will give us higher upload, maybe 1 gbit?</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Inventory:
<ul>
<li>Most things we own have now depreciated and are worth nothing &ndash; only
<tt>pip</tt> has any value.</li>
<li>The new committee should set out to get rid of things and see what needs
replacing.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>SSL Certificate:
<ul>
<li>Malcolm will donate a certificate, rather than the money he was
intending to donate.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>The issue of members, users and mailing lists:
<ul>
<li>By default, everyone is a member of the society.</li>
<li>We should cancel membership for people who have left, unless they wish
to stay in, and then sort out the mailing lists, which aren't currently
well defined.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Classified Section:
<ul>
<li>Teresa suggested a 'Classified' section on the website for people to
advertise related skills, such as website design. The next committee can
discuss this at their first meeting.</li>
</ul>
</li>

<li>Elections:
<ul>
<li>Haibo E was the only nominee for Chairperson, and was duly elected.</li>
<li>Malcom Scott was the only nominee for Secretary, and was duly elected.</li>
<li>There were no nominees for the positions of Treasurer and Publicity
Officer.</li>
<li>It was decided that Haibo E would temporarily take on the position of
Treasurer, and Teresa Dennis would temporarily take on the position of
Publicity Officer, until the positions could be made more permanent.</li>
</ul>
</li>

</ol>

<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
