<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of AGM held on 20/03/2021" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
<div id="doc" class="markdown-body container-fluid">
  <p>
    Date: 20/03/2021<br />
    Time: 14:00<br />
    Venue: online, SRCF Timeout
  </p>
  <h2 id="In-attendance">In attendance</h2>
  <p>At peak: 40 *</p>
  <p>
    A.M. Hilton amh225<br />
    Andrei Popescu (yes atp58)<br />
    Andrew Jenkins (adj35)<br />
    Anthony Butler (arb91)<br />
    Becky T (btt31)<br />
    C.M.T. Clifton (cmtc3)<br />
    Cameron (car83)<br />
    Ciara Aberdeen (kla41)- Teller<br />
    Daniel Carter (dcc52)<br />
    David Bai (db260)<br />
    Edwin Bahrami Balani (eb677)<br />
    Frances (fjf20)<br />
    Gareth Hart (gh474)<br />
    H. Caushi (hc537) - Teller<br />
    Ilya Carey (iic21)<br />
    J.E. Chua (jec26)<br />
    Jacky (??)<br />
    James Brind (jb753)<br />
    Jamie (jsm89)<br />
    Jason Jacks jtj21<br />
    Jenny Scott-Thompson jhs46<br />
    Jeremy jyf22<br />
    JJ Gray jjag3<br />
    Jock jmb73<br />
    Lawrence Brown ljsb2<br />
    M. van der Maas mv380<br />
    Malcolm Scott mas90<br />
    Mary Chester-Kadwell mec31<br />
    Matias (mw781)<br />
    Michelle mhws2<br />
    Mikel (??)<br />
    Naunidh nsd30<br />
    Nicky Wong (pcw54)<br />
    Patrick (pc644)<br />
    Piete Brooks (pb22)<br />
    Richard Allitt rsa33<br />
    Rohit ruk22<br />
    Ronald Haynes rsh27<br />
    TG307 tg307<br />
    Vincent sln55<br />
    Jock Busuttil (jb33)
  </p>
  <p>
    * This list isn’t exact as there was no secretary present at the AGM and the
    chair had to multi-task.
  </p>
  <h2 id="Reports">Reports</h2>
  <p>A brief oral Chair’s report was given by JJ:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>No events held in Easter</li>
    <li>Michaelmas held freshers’ fair and 2 welcome socials</li>
    <li>AGM was major event in Lent 2021</li>
  </ul>
  <p>A brief oral Treasurer’s report was given by Matias:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Successfully regained access to finances</li>
    <li>Launched successful fundraising campaign</li>
    <li>Explored options for sustainable income</li>
    <li>New sponsor</li>
  </ul>
  <p>An oral Sysadmins’ report was given by Edwin:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Ubuntu upgrade</li>
    <li>ToS</li>
    <li>Timeout is new</li>
    <li>
      <a href="http://docs.srcf.net" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
        >docs.srcf.net</a
      >
      has replaced the FAQs
    </li>
    <li>Control panel updates</li>
    <li>Introduction of SRCF Blog that has been run by the sysadmins</li>
    <li>SRCF Goose</li>
    <li>Volunteers</li>
    <li>Thirdlight hardware</li>
    <li>10 Gbps networking</li>
    <li>
      Likely CamSU will move to another building soon, future of SRCF is unclear
      in this scenario.
    </li>
  </ul>
  <h2 id="Amendments">Amendments</h2>
  <h3 id="JJ’s-ammendment">JJ’s ammendment</h3>
  <p>Proposed by: jjag3</p>
  <p>
    Purpose: remove the use of gender-specific pronouns from the Constitution.
  </p>
  <h4 id="Motivation">Motivation</h4>
  <p>
    The current pronouns have been introduced over various amendments. This
    amendment would make our usage both<br />
    more consistent and more inclusive. There is no intention to change the role
    of Senior Treasurer, as specified in<br />
    clause 8.
  </p>
  <h4 id="Changes">Changes</h4>
  <p>
    Clause 6: The Committee shall consist of Chair, Secretary, Junior Treasurer,
    and PR officer. It shall meet at least once per term, and may invite any
    other persons to attend Committee meetings as it sees fit. The Senior
    Treasurer shall always be invited to attend Committee meetings if they wish
    to.
  </p>
  <p>
    Clause 7: In addition there shall be a Senior Treasurer, who shall be a
    resident member of the Senate or other person approved by the Junior
    Proctor. The Senior Treasurer shall make arrangements for the Society’s
    Accounts to be<br />
    properly audited, either by themselves, or by some other person approved
    under University Ordinances. The Senior Treasurer shall not be liable for
    any financial debt or other obligation of the Society unless they have
    personally authorised such a debt in writing.
  </p>
  <h4 id="Voting">Voting</h4>
  <p>
    33 for<br />
    0 against<br />
    4 abstain
  </p>
  <h3 id="Matias’-amendment---withdrawn">Matias’ amendment - withdrawn</h3>
  <p>
    Purpose: clarify that online venues are acceptable for EGMs and AGMs to
    reflect the changes brought on by the pandemic that began in March of 2020.
  </p>
  <p>This amendment was withdrawn due to excessive bikeshedding.</p>
  <h2 id="Other-business">Other business</h2>
  <ul>
    <li>
      potentially modify Matias’ amendment to a prohibition on holding a
      physical meeting outside Cambridge
    </li>
    <li>sysadmin stuff from Edwin</li>
    <li>Matias and Edwin’s educational awards for Timeout</li>
  </ul>
  <h2 id="Voting1">Voting</h2>
  <h3 id="Chair-Vote">Chair Vote</h3>
  <p>
    20 Matias<br />
    4 David<br />
    0 RON
  </p>
  <h3 id="Secretary-Vote">Secretary Vote</h3>
  <p>
    4 Ilya<br />
    11 Andrew<br />
    0 RON
  </p>
  <h3 id="Junior-Treasurer-Vote">Junior Treasurer Vote</h3>
  <p>
    20 Patrick<br />
    0 RON
  </p>
  <h3 id="Publicity-Officer-Vote">Publicity Officer Vote</h3>
  <p>
    14 David<br />
    0 RON
  </p>
  <h2 id="Concluding-remarks">Concluding remarks</h2>
  <p>
    The AGM was adjourned after around two hours. The new committee stayed back
    along with a few interested volunteers for an informal chat. This ended
    around 3 hours after the AGM started.
  </p>
</div>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
