<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF AGM held Thursday 3rd February 2011" -->
<!--#include virtual="../../inc/header.html" --> 
<h1>Minutes of SRCF AGM held Thursday 3<sup>rd</sup> February 2011</h1>

  <p><strong>Venue:</strong>Trinity Hall, Leslie Stephen Room</p>

  <p><strong>Date/Time:</strong> 2011-02-03 18:30 - 19:30</p>

  <p><strong>In Attendance:</strong> Daniel Thomas (drt24, Chairman), Charles
  Board (cvrb2, Secretary), Ed Tait (ewt23, Publicity), Ben Millwood, (bm380,
  Sysadmin), Richard Whitehouse (rjw201, Sysadmin), Malte Schwarzkopf (ms705,
  Sysadmin), Kristian Glass (kg289, Sysadmin), Malcolm Scott (mas90, Sysadmin,
  Nicholas Tomlinson (nst25), Jafar Miles (jm779), Sunoo Park (sp590), Ramana
  Kumar (rk436), Joseph Myers (jsm28), David Simner (djs203), Nicholas Wilson
  (ncw33)</p>

  <p>Total Attendees: 15 (20% committee, 33% sysadmin)</p>

  <p>Minutes taken by Charles Board</p>

  <h3>Financial Report:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Daniel delivered the Treasurer's report, and a copy, along with a
      summary of the accounts were circulated.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We made a loss in 2009-2010 due to large hardware purchases.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>So far in the 2010-2011 year, we have made money.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>We had some problems with the accounts, and so were unable to submit
      our accounts to the university before the 31<sup>st</sup> December
      deadline. As such we may have been deregistered as a society.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>At the start of term, the committee voted to give Daniel emergency
      powers to fix the accounts and (if necessary) reregister us.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Daniel was able to fix the accounts, and write cheques to cover our
      debts.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>A visit to the bank revealed that the signatories on the accounts were
      incorrect. This has now been fixed.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Chair's Report:</h3>

  <h4>Events:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Easter:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>The Garden Party was held at Trinity Hall's Wychfield site.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>The intended dinner did not occur.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Michaelmas:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>The Fresher's Fair resulted in 104 people signing up to receive
          the welcome email.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>EGM held at the start of term, Daniel became Chair, Charles became
          Secretary.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Welcome Social in Trinity Hall.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Talks were given to IA, IB and II students about the SRCF.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Lent:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Machine Room Tour was held. This had a large attendance, and was
          followed by a visit to The Anchor. This was a success.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h4>Membership:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>We did not have as many signups as last year, but we did have more
      than any year before that.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Over 6200 members, 2300 users, and 890 societies.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>

  <h3>Sysadmins' Report:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>This was delivered by Malcolm.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>There are five new sysadmins: Malte Schwarzkopf, Richard Whitehouse,
      Ben Millwood, Nick Stenning and Bill Collins.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>The user-facing servers were upgraded to Ubuntu 10.04.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <h4>New Services:</h4>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Usenet server</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>DNSSEC signed zones</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Less reliance on pip for some services (IRC, DNS), this process
          will continue</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Starting to make use of Thunder, the XenServer cluster purchased
          last year. In particular, Desktop service, Usenet, IRC and DNS. There
          is still room for more VMs</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <h4>Abuse incidents:</h4>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>On October 27<sup>th</sup> , one user emitted 120Mbits/s at one
          address in Trinity Hall. Treated as a DoS attack.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>The SRCF IRC server was used as the rendezvous for a small
          botnet.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>One hacked account was used to host a phishing site. This was
          taken down, however the RSA request for user data and logs was
          routinely not complied with.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>A society hosted a copyright infringing file. It was removed.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Some society accounts have been hacked and used to send spam etc.
          Tends to be caught quickly however.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <h4>Outages:</h4>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Pip sometimes goes down, and requires a manual reboot. Generally
          due to lack of memory. Have attempted running without swap, but this
          casues other issues.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Two of the new servers from last year can't be rebooted without
          someone physically present to press the switch.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <h4>Hardware:</h4>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>We have been offered a lot of free hardware by Andrew Moore,
          although composition is unclear. Suspected to be four full racks, but
          we only have one rack unit free. We may be able to use some of it to
          replace old/faulty hardware.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Sold an unused rackshelf to retrosnub for ~Â£15</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Would like to sell Cyclone, Thunder, Locust, Alpha Server and Tape
          Robot.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <h4>Projects:</h4>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Plan to move to subdomain based user websites.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Less reliance on pip as it is becoming increasingly unstable with
          more users and more resource issues. Hope to move user data and shell
          off pip.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h3>Elections:</h3>

  <p>Kristian Glass and Malcolm Scott were tellers.</p>

  <h4>Chair:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>There was one nomination:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Daniel Thomas, on the condition he deals with stash, proposed by
          Richard Whitehouse and seconded by Malcolm Scott.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>A vote was held by a show of hands:</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>All 15 present voted for Daniel as their first option.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Daniel was elected as Chairman.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h4>Secretary:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>There was one nomination:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Charles Board, proposed by Daniel Thomas, seconded by Richard
          Whitehouse.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>A vote was held by a show of hands:</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>All 15 present voted for Charles as their first option.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Charles was elected as Secretary.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h4>Treasurer:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>There was one nomination:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Ben Millwood, proposed by Daniel Thomas, seconded by Richard
          Whitehouse.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>A vote was held by a show of hands:</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>14 people voted for Ben as their first choice</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>1 person (Ben) voted for RON as their first choice</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Ben was elected as Treasurer.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h4>Publicity Officer:</h4>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>There were two nominations:</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Ed Tait, proposed by Kristian Glass and seconded by Charles
          Board</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Nicholas Tomlinson, proposed by Ed Tait and seconded by Ramana
          Kumar.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>The candidates gave rousing speeches.</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>Five people voted for Ed as their first choice</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>Four people voted for Nick as their first choice</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>One person voted for RON as their first choice.</p>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>One person voted for Ed as their second choice.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Ed was elected as PR officer.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>The committee then co-opted Nick.</p>
    </li>
  </ul>


  <h3>AOB:</h3>

  <ul>
    <li>
      <p>Daniel's emergency powers have now expired.</p>
    </li>

    <li>
      <p>Curry at the Maharajah</p>

      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>There were 13 people in attendance at the curry.</p>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>This was also a success.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
<!--#include virtual="../../inc/footer.html" -->
