<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of SRCF AGM, 13th February 2014" -->
<!--#include virtual="../../inc/header.html" -->

# <!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" -->

The AGM was held on Thursday 13th February 2014, between 7:00pm and 8:00pm.

In Attendance

  - Matthew Ireland (Chair, <code>mti20</code>)
  - Daniel Richman (Secretary, Sysadmin, <code>djr61</code>)
  - Charles Board (Junior Treasurer, <code>cvrb2</code>)
  - Malcolm Scott (Sysadmin, <code>mas90</code>)
  - Amar Sood (Publicity Officer, Sysadmin, <code>as2193</code>)
  - Ross Church (Sysadmin, <code>rpc25</code>)
  - Daniel Thomas (Sysadmin, <code>drt24</code>)
  - Tejas Guruswamy (Sysadmin, <code>tg307</code>)
  - Ben Millwood (Sysadmin, <code>bm380</code>)
  - David Simner (<code>djs203</code>)
  - Herschel Chawdhry (<code>hac43</code>)
  - Paul Fox (<code>pjf33</code>)
  - Lev Livnev (<code>ll461</code>)
  - Alec Wright (<code>aw570</code>)
  - Gwilym Kuiper (<code>gjk32</code>)
  - Hazel Jenkins (<code>hlhj2</code>)
  - Martin Lucas-Smith (<code>mvl22</code>)

Apologies for Absence

  - Andrew Cooper (Sysadmin, <code>amc96</code>)
  - Joshua Hunt (Sysadmin, <code>jh861</code>)
  - Souradip Mookerjee (Sysadmin, <code>sm2030</code>)
  - Andrew Ryrie (Sysadmin, <code>amr66</code>)

## Chair’s report (delivered by Matthew)

A link to the full text of the report is available [here](chairs-report). A summary is included below.

  - Garden party
      - An attempt to hold a “joint technical societies garden party” fell through.
      - Despite bad weather, the garden party was a success.
      - We’d like to thank OpenMarket for their sponsorship allowing us to waive admission charges.
  - We received 209 sign-ups at the Freshers’ fair, and the welcome social was well attended; both events led to the recruitment of new sysadmins.
  - We celebrated our 15<sup>th</sup> anniversary with a dinner, attended by past and present members. We remain eternally grateful for ThirdLight’s sponsorship which kept the event accessible to undergraduates.
  - Greatly increased membership statistics are largely due to our inability to disable graduated members’ accounts, as we are waiting on the UCS for a list.
  - We appointed eight new sysadmins.
  - We have made substantial progress on a control panel.
  - Hard drive upgrade
      - We have started the move towards substantially larger capacity and quality hard drives in `pip`.
      - We are most grateful for the donations by SRCF members Dominic Benson and Andrew Cooper for making this development possible.
      - We are now in a position to complete the upgrade by purchasing two more disks.
  - Matthew thanked the outgoing committee, the sysadmin team and our users.

## Treasurer’s Report (delivered by Charles)

A link to the full text of the report is available [here](treasurers-report). In addition, [a summary of the SRCF’s accounts](accounts-overview) was circulated. A summary of the report is included below.

  - The loss in the accounts-year 2012/13 and gain in the year of 2013/14 are largely due to sponsorship of the Garden Party of the former year appearing in the latter year’s accounts.
  - This year’s garden party was (again) generously sponsored by OpenMarket, for which we are grateful. Trinity Hall did not charge us for the booking, resulting in lower costs than expected.
  - Donations have been steady and are on par with previous years.
  - 15<sup>th</sup> Anniversary Dinner
      - …was sponsored by Third Light, for which we are again grateful…
      - …and is the only expenditure so far this year.
      - Despite ticket sales, sponsorship and related donations, we currently stand to make a slight loss. We still have a few payments to process.
  - At the dinner Dominic Benson very kindly donated a 4TB Enterprise class hard-drive to us, and since the dinner, a second (identical) hard drive has been donated by Andrew Cooper. The Treasurer thanked both Andrew and Dominic—we are extremely grateful for their generosity.
  - In the future:
      - Charles believes we can afford to complete the hard drive update soon.
      - It may be worth investigating a better savings account.
      - We need a financial contingency plan should `pip` fail catastrophically.
  - The Treasurer thanked our donors, including CU Eco Racing, CICCU, Jennifer Scott-Thompson, Carlos Morales, CU Canoe and several others who preferred to remain anonymous.

## Sysadmins’ Report (delivered by Malcolm)

A link to the full text of the report is available [here](sysadmins-report). It was written by Andrew Ryrie, who was unfortunately unable to attend.

  - Malcolm welcomed the new sysadmins recruited over the last year.
  - Hard drives
      - The past year saw two hard drive failures in `pip`. We suffered no data loss or down time.
      - Andrew Cooper’s donation of a hard drive came at exactly the right time, which was greatly appreciated.
      - The new hard drives are 4TB Seagate Constellation Enterprise Drives, which are considerably faster and higher capacity (over our previous 500G desktop-grade drives).
      - Once we complete upgrades, our array will perform substantially better and have eight times the capacity.
  - The user purge has not happened as usual this year, since the UCS has been unable to provide us with a list of users to cancel. We may have to investigate options to identify accounts to terminate without their help.
  - A hack day: we are planning a meeting at the end of this term to complete outstanding maintenance and development tasks, notably the completion of our control panel (which will allow users to perform basic actions without having to email the sysadmins themselves).

## Elections

Daniel Thomas and Paul Fox were appointed as tellers.

The discrepancy in voting totals between electing the chair and secretary were due to the late arrival of a member.

  - Chair:
      - There was one nomination, Tejas Guruswamy (proposed: Matthew Ireland, seconded: Daniel Richman)
      - Tejas was elected with 15 votes (0 RON, 1 Abstention).
  - Secretary:
      - There was one nomination, Daniel Richman (proposed: Joe Roberts <code>jr592</code>, seconded: Matthew Ireland)
      - Daniel was elected with 16 votes (0 RON, 1 Abstention).
  - Treasurer:
      - There was one nomination: Lev Livnev (proposed: Matthew Ireland, seconded: Daniel Richman)
      - Lev was elected with 15 votes (0 RON, 2 Abstentions).
  - Publicity Officer:
      - There was one nomination: Alec Wright (proposed: Matthew Ireland, seconded: Daniel Richman)
      - Alec was elected with 15 votes (0 RON, 2 Abstentions).
  - Co-option of Charles Board to the committee
      - Charles will be on the committee in an advisory and handover capacity, conditional on the fact that he has not been elected to an earlier position.
      - Charles noted that he is liable to graduate.
      - Unanimous votes for.
      - Charles gets to choose his own title.

## Constitutional Amendment (i)

  - A constitutional amendment was proposed by the Chair: minor alterations to wording. The changes may be viewed [here](amendment-1).
  - The requirement of ⅔ votes “for” was met, and the amendment was passed.

## Constitutional Amendment (ii)

  - A constitutional amendment was proposed by Matthew and Daniel R. They made the case for renaming the role of PR Officer to “Vice Chair”:
      - The title is not representative of what the committee member typically ends up doing.
      - Matthew noted that the Chair takes on a lot of “PR” roles.
      - A Vice-Chair role would be suited to a fresher, in that they could join the committee with no specific tasks, and take some of the load off the Chair.
  - Someone else on the committee would need to take responsibility for PR. Writing this responsibility into the constitution (“the Vice-Chair is responsible for PR...”) would amount to a non-change.
  - 8 votes for, 5 against and 4 abstentions meant that the amendment was not passed.

## Misc

  - No other business was proposed.
  - The committee would like to thank Malcolm Scott for organising the live streaming of the AGM which allowed those not able to attend to follow the proceedings.
  - Tejas thanked the outgoing committee on behalf of the new committee.
  - Publicity:
      - Matthew suggested a list of the services we offer could be sent out in the AGM summary…
      - …and/or an information pack for those that run societies could be created…
      - …which, moreover, could be distributed to other societies at the freshers’ fair.
  - The post-AGM curry was a success.

<!--#include virtual="../../inc/footer.html" -->
